Fight!
No
Ignore the haters!
hell ya
4:24 broken
Fire explanation!!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO :(
Ridiculous mic. Completely useless.
OH NO I MISSED IT!!!
Why people dislike this? wtf
To kill a mockingbird 👍
No sql
Why the hell would it die
Stay Hard!!
Is death dying ?
"No papayas were harmed" I guffawed
Bad audio quality
Link is broken!
sick new intro
You guys killed this.
this aint even a joke lol
damn. needed this.
What's with these dumb clickbait titles? Disliked
I see no lie
3rd step looks scary 😁
Whether  block chain technology kills data scientist role ?
Fake, not arrogant enough ;)
Discord or slack channel?
Link to the discord?
I disliked this video because of the dumb clickbait title
Bloody well done mate!!
Please. No bed on a background. It's gross.
Im a data manipulating panda 💤
When you use very noisy and misleading feature
My biggest problem is communication. I'm very bad at communicating 😔
I miss the T-Rex 🦖
The thumbnail is scary indeed 🤪
Peoples fear of A.I period.
Tired of python python but no internship yet.
Does the dislike button hurt or help creators?
And the spamming begins now
A boring answer yet practical.
The struggle is REAL
The problem was too much trust in evil machines
Data science is such a cruel field.
the process stops at: "Progress: 0/15". No error message whatsoever. :/ Anybody has an idea why?
0:00 - 0:28 david blaine MIND FREAK
Mate You are Discouraging me 😒
Tell me this position is bad while repeatedly beating it into my soul this position is bad.
I'm starting today let's do this shit
Can't thank you enough
4:30 lol..someone didnt agree
Sorry for saying this but the laptop looks ugly AF
Data Science Certificate is a waste.
In short its bad for introverts
This is hard
414 die hard Rstudio fans dislie this.. lol
discord link is not working
Currently its also throwing error.
Bro your voice has a problem
You forgot uncomfortable with math🤣😁😁🤣
This is one of those open secrets. Presenting is no problem. A live coding session is scary.
That fake papaya in the bedroom 😏
iam sry but this information is useless
People that don't have a passion for statistics going into DS are always so shocked that they hate it.
seriously stop with the clickbaity titles and awkward face thumbnails dude. unsubbed.
Refreshing ✨
Feels less burdened now💯.
ofcos he didnt look good
the bad days are gone now it was the turn of worse days.
It's like blaming your calculator
Why you r not popular? Underrated
Your green tea is not green???? :)
is still working?  got the error 'IMapUnorderedIterator' object has no attribute '_write_to'    Can't find  a solution
Your are seriously underrated
Weapons of math destruction was simply an amazing read this year 😉
Sadly, the Captain did NOT survive
There is no github ...
there is no sales major?
Nooooooooooooo.......you murdered it. Btw does your company provide internship?
Leaning into the frustration and boredom  at times - working on that now
Its showing error page not found
damn those pandas are so cute😍
You sir are a badass
3rd point is my biggest hadicap :'(
Danger Will Robinson! It's always about the $$$$$.
Might consider learning UX no code writing 
Front-end and back-end was just too brutal
What's with these dumb over exaggerated  expressions in your thumbnails recently?
Stupid f**k 😀😀😀 . I like it though 🤠
We all know consulting is a fake career.
If u copy someone’s work ur just cheating yourself
Wait, what? No random CSV sent without column headers and no context?!
Geez i have missed the the live!
Ok poor boy. We find ways.
I am bad at math, can i still start learning?
how can you enjoy frustration? it's most horrible feeling when something doesn't work....
Hey Ken , I really like data science and SQL but unfortunately I am not super strong at math or coding, what would you suggest . Also python makes me cry , can I bevome an analyst without learning python
I'm getting a "Your training set is empty" - error from the code at 8:30. Really stuck on this
this level of coding is scaring me
Waiting for this to shoot up.
What's with the crazy caption face?
Omg he speaks so dam bored
Honestly autonomy is the reason I got in but I do get stuck in wrong thinking sometimes
HI Ken I am getting X out failed ,while scrapping
It will be hard for me, i dont like collaborating with people because i dont like arguements
Tried almost everything but getting this error:  Message: no such element: Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":".selected"}.
NEVER liked or could use VM
why not use jupyter lab? this looks painful!
Hi ken,  great video!. but I got an error:  AttributeError: 'Tweet' object has no attribute '_dict_'
Training a huge neural network makes me angry.
Training a huge neural network makes me angry.
Betting on all of your papayas? Damn
I got an error “No module names twitterscraper”
How’s EDA done for image based problems ?
you should start a data science discord server
followed this through and get an error - TypeError: get_jobs() missing 2 required positional arguments: 'path' and 'slp_time'. not clear i have these variables set properly. thanks.
AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find_all'

What does the above error mean?
What's stupidity: the stupidity when you press dislike before you watching the video. Thanks for your effort guys and for those who pressed dislike go far away.
Is sports analytics Gambling or no?
I'm doomed :(  I have experience as a business analyst, now Im learning SQL, but to be honest, I always go really bad at maths and logical exams. If they ask you to do these exams even with you proving that you can do the job, then I'm doomed. Really sad!
Add lights to your videos... The quality is bad
I'm getting the follwing error: 'IMapUnorderedIterator' object has no attribute
Please advise.
This went from 0 to 100 real quick. SMH
Who tf is that guy with a dislike 😤
Putting a nice photo to cheat people into watching a no quality video! Youtube should have a 'I wasted my life' button as well!
I see not much confidence on Ken's face though!
Dammit I was looking forward to what argument you would give if no 🧐😅
Error: Error building site: TOCSS: failed to transform "ananke/css/main.css" (text/css). Check your Hugo installation; you need the extended version to build SCSS/SASS.  
Anyone faced this error???
Reply if you solved  it somehow.
I can't thank you enough right now
I’ve been meaning to send you mine but I’m terrified of being roasted publicly
"Data science is a journey not a destination". Love this line.
Sir can you drop your whatsapp
Haha, Ken the killer 🎉 You know the spice of life!
Hi Ken! I love all your tutorials but in this one I am facing some problems. I keep getting the error 'ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'selenium' ' on the console.
All your pain culminated in that single teardrop 😭🥵
ugh. im not sure what im doing wrong. I keep getting 
selenium.common.exceptions.NoSuchElementException: Message: no such element: Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":".selected"}. 
Does anyone have any idea how to fix?
imho nothing looks better than dash plotly
Jedi Mind Trick hands
I am also struggling with my daily execution plan..
Is a masters needed because I am very tired of school?😂
Man you really don't need to jump from room to room to shoot, it's distracting and ruins the consistency of the audio
Im 10 views away from 69,420 views feels bad man
i got that error 
from selenium.common.exceptions import NoSuchElementException, ElementClickInterceptedException
Thanks for updating the discount, unfortunately there is no way to buy it. The order form is not active.
We demand a bloopers only video 👀
Very annoying background music. Also in podcast. Otherwise perfect.😌
The best advice he stressed : Go and get your hands dirty with data.
Didn't know we shared the same birthday!! 😀😀
good vid , im not sure but you insert alpa = .13 when in the lasso regression , not sure if its an mistake.
Data science or Cloud computing? I am very confused
The secret is already no more a secret 😁
Damn that's a beast.... and the verge is now a level of very bad in PC building community xD
“The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence.”

― Charles Bukowski
I got the same Salary Estimate values from start to end... I don't know why and it's really a pain in the ass
Sooooo true!!!  No one is realizing that without data scientists right now, millions more would die! They need people to work through statistics on illnesses,  especially COVID-19! Good video!!
He is Suggesting being Professional NOT FAIR DUDE
Bad news I hated Math in my school days,  Good news I am liking it now because now I am actually implementing it.
even 5 minutes a day can be a struggle for people like me :( But I will give it a try!
the syndrome got worse after i started playing among us
shit man...! you are replying to all the comments from last 1 year...orz
I am really interesting in data science, but unfortunately I'm very bad at math and statistic
is there any chance that I can made it?
RuntimeWarning: Glyph 13 missing from current font.  Hey Ken getting this error 33:10 help please!
I rarely like videos 👍 theses
But 👍for this
How can I get about 75k to 100k tweets without retweets? please help me out
Biased data is provided in this video 😁
this video is not useful very confusing
Session: Solving Critical Data Science Problems with Container-based Platforms (Presented by Hewlett Packard Enterprise) [A22345]
Hi Ken, have taken the Machine Learning assessment and passed but I never saw true value in the assessment.
WSL 2 on my Dell Laptop with a Ryzen 5 chip was a huge headache. 
Constant Blue Screens of Death. 
Total waste of time.
PermissionError: [WinError 5] Access is denied


can I have help with the above error? thank you
My favorite part of this video is when Ken admits that it was a pain in the ass.  It's a cool project, but even some cool projects can be a PITA.
Hey Ken, thanks for the video. I tried this, but I couldn't gather any tweets returns only empty dataframe but no error. Can you suggest any solution?
Oh... The past tense for quit is quit.
Getting an error when doing ./hugo server 

failed to extract shortcode: template for shortcode "form-contact" not found

Any help would be appreciated  Thanks.
Not exactly cost efficient way of doing things.
3:12 The hell is this person coding? Skynet's Terminator OS?

Not a single Stackoverflow window in sight.
I am confused I become Data Scientist or a Navy Seal.
Start of video is same I look now 😂 confused
I would name it Honey Badger,  the most badass creature with no natural predators
hey can i get the discord server link please
is it possible to restrict the tweets to location?
Hey Ken, the dropbox link provided isn't working. Cheers.
Just waste money, after several years, this job market will just be saturated. It is just a ponds trap.
Man, as a newbie I can't thank you enough for this playlist. Helped me wrap loose concepts altogether.
No benchmark. 60% is low if the price is in a trend.    FOr financial data, deep learning is not very useful, at least at this stage.
Wait no one calls it big data anymore? 😂
Can't wait to join the trend #66daysofdata 😁
Why did he / you ignore r studio column in df_model ?
Hope Richard Barton might be looking at this video during weekend, realising his mistake blaming on ML models
AttributeError: module 'glassdoor_scrapper' has no attribute 'get_jobs' ----- this is the error im getting. send help
Just a case of using ML for the wrong reasons to reach the wrong goals. How do you take this big of a risk when the entire country is basically in an economic bubble? smh CEO was over his head.
you should name it Yeager. It's from Attack on Titan anime
Slick offices Ken! Plus 1 for the  Winston2English model demo at 1:30. Thoughts on the book, Shoot Video That Doesn’t Suck?
Iam poor at mathematics, will data science be right for me?
Mistake 2 and 4, hit me right in the feels. Definitely guilty of those when I started. Preach Professor Ken, preaaach!!
You stop drinking coffee after 2pm? Nice job. Was it hard at first?
why do you have to put yourself under such pressure!!! 😂😂
Reason 1: I don't want to
Let us decide what we can and cannot. OK?
Im doing data analytics at university, but I just hate the structure and stress of school, is it genuinely fine to learn data science by myself or should I stick to it?
Employers dont care about Kaggle, because they aren’t real business problems to solve just a way to practice machine learning
someday that discord link will exist, maybe it might be the best data science discord. who knows?😂😂
📺On the next episode of "Geek Eye for the Scientist Guy"!!!!!................ 🤓
NoSuchElementException: no such element: Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":".selected"}
  (Session info: chrome=92.0.4515.131)

I'm getting this error during scraping data
Thanks for teaching us that machine learning is evil and should never be used : )
I was really scared there for a second!
(For the papaya, of course.....)   ;)
Is saturated anyone Persuing it in 2021 will fail and I repeat you will fail no matter how hard you try 
You need 6 research paper and patents to get into any phd program 
Good luck getting that
Moral of the story: you gotta harvest wheat, mill it and turn it into flour and make dough before and so that you can make pizzas. No wheat, no flour, no dough, no pizza.
Hello Ken
I face problem after building a model that is I am struggling to enhance my accuracy. My data overfits and my accuracy keeps on stuck there and then and there's no one to guide me. What to do?
Hi ken, I got problem after execute the code. it said that 'x out failed'. can u suggest me what's wrong with my code?
You mean to say that plagiarism isn't wrong but not giving credits to the source is wrong  ?
i have problem with glassdoor_scrapper module. it said that there is no module in there. what should i do about that?
Honestly, if 1 out of 3 is gonna fail, then the system is the biggest problem. It just means the admissions team didnt do a good job filtering out those who lack a crucial background in bio, and the curriculum along with the support system lacks quality. A school with a good system would only see 5-10% drop out rate at most.
Thanks for this video. Being rejected during many past interviews led to me having similar feelings of imposter syndrome despite past success.
18:25 "I also want to do just a little bit more data manipulation" .... said no one ever 😳jk
Hi jee, I like your videos but don't think it's a good idea to put a strange picture as a cover of a video ...
The lighting for video is seriously under-rated.
* Sees potential prizes * 👀
* Starts spamming comment sections of Ken's videos *
What do you mean awful puns, I thought they were hilarious 🤣
Hi Ken , this video appeared right exactly when I just gave up doing my Coursera course in math for data science, as I couldn't solve function approximation task . Seems like I am too dumb and don't have enough math background to be data scientist . Science I only can code, but when it comes to advanced math related problems, I feel depressed. Did you have the same feelings or it just me ? These advanced math related problems really scare me 😓 didn't expect to face such problems where I don't even understand the task itself 😓
Your clocks are painfully out of sync in the minute hand
Really struggling with retention. That's my biggest struggle. 

Biggest regret was not starting sooner. At 40 I'm worried about potential agism and not being able to move to accept a job if I'm ever able to finally grasp any of this.
Hmm suspicious advises 

Link to roninhood is an affiliate link (so poster makes money even if you loose), link to quantopian is dead (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantopian)

starting YouTube channel is pretty low chance of $
I don't understand who are these people to dislike. If you can't support him stop disliking him at least someone is putting in efforts to make knowledge and learning process easy what is the problem of you dislikers.
i was smilling through the video for no particular reason
Hi Ken! GREAT video! I'm struggling to escape tutorial hell, any tips? I learnt pandas and regression recently but I'm still getting stuck with cleaning the data and feature engineering.
No project is simple when it comes to implementation 🤕
Are you sponsored by that pizza oven company? If not, great. If so, don't you legally have to let people know?
Please tell what are u reading iLL also start from there.......
can i self learn data science if my math is incredibly bad? (like grade 2-3 standard)
50:00 to 55:00 
a real data scientist problems 
😅😅😅😅
we cannot figure out the problem even if it is in front of us
256GB is NOT enough! If you had to install several operating systems you'd be screwed!
I may have accidentally deleted that email Mr. Jee sent me. 😳
DevOps Engineer vs Data Scientist 

Salary, jobs, difficulty, time constraint?
Missed this challenge twice...but this time let's do it! 🔥🤞🤝
Hi, Ken thank you for the video, I have a problem with this instruction:begin_date=dt.date(2019,01,01) python version3.8 does not support this syntax
I want to build a chatbot for depression how to gather data?  What kind of data do I need?
Great video! I was wondering if one don't like management but still like to touch all different types of data science and modeling problem, which will be the better choice?
The same things happen in other branches of science, or probably worse. Intellectual rights of an ordinary people are never respected.
The Oura ring is basically a scam, it's too inaccurate. Google "dr Anthony Pearson oura ring"
This is CRAZY!!! When I sold my house earlier this year, all the home buying estimates (Zillow, Opendoor, ect) were all SOOOO low. But like you said, better to underestimate than overestimate.
It still shows 0 tweets even when I edit in the query.py, man :(
There is no shame to be DS for make more money.  When I will make money i will love what I do.
Hey could you please get back to me on discord?
Thant you for this helpfull tutorial. Can you please show us how to scrap tweets of a specific account(user) ? 
because i tried to add a user argument but apperently query_tweets has no argument named user
Waiting for that data science tinder tutorial to drop
Hello Ken.Can u fix the error of no such element: Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":".selected" please. Thank You.
Dude, next time you do this, please just stop going up and down the page. It gave me nausea :(
!curl -s https://course.fast.ai/setup/colab | bash   when i run this cell getting some error.
bash: line 1: syntax error near unexpected token `newline'
bash: line 1: `<!DOCTYPE html>
have just discovered today that have not subcribed to your channel poor me..lol
#This Lasso instance is not fitted yet. Call 'fit' with appropriate arguments before using this estimator. how to fix this error can't find anything in StackOverflow!
Hi Ken - can you clarify why you said that an optimal algorithm should always underestimate the price? Shouldn’t the residuals of your model be normally distributed - i.e., 50-50 underestimate-overestimate? I’m struggling to figure out how a model could always underestimate prices, since that would mean always negative residuals.
Is it okay to leave out the "Pizza slices eaten today" field empty 😔 ?
Well, Hela destroyed Mjolnir and Surtur overpowered Hela aaand he is kind of a beast... SURTUR!!
Hello Ken, 

I think your leaderboard doesn't work now! it showed an error message.
I watched every video of this channel more than 3 times. Seriously!
can you make a video on how to scrape a lazy loading website?
Man the background music is so chilling.
This is so cool! I am working on a 'not so great' project too (since the last 1 month lol).
Where can I find the discord server of 66 days of data science?
Just Osho will change your life. No other book needed.
Should you learn R? No, because you already know it.
As soon as I saw that there are no ads, I subscribed.
Needed to add nltk.download('stopwords')  to get it to run.    :-/
I feel sad thu but still want to do it.
Hey Ken! Is programming really important?  I’m not really good at programming 😅
Very insightful and sad reality 
Passion is needed to shine in any field
These are not my personal goals, just how I see Data Science.  Data science as i see it....  Goal 1. Stalk and Harrass.  Goal 2.  Manipulation and deception. Goal 3. Ripoff the naive and uninitiated.
One who is not good at maths can become a data scientist?
The master branche of Github pages doesn't appear on sources. what have I done wrong?
One thing I can attest to is that it's getting far more stressful as the purview grows.
Saw the title and I know I wasn't the only one who had a mini heart attack
Hi Ken, this video help me a lot, but there's an error that I get said "Traceback (most recent call last) : " and there's a lot of error message down below anyway to fix it?
On the lucrative side, does coming in with a Master's Degree boost your potential pay cut?
I tried to implement this code using sublime and run it on windows powershell. I got an error on line tweets = query_tweets, unexpected keyword argument begindate.
Hey Ken, would you say knowing Algorithms is important for becoming a data scientist? I love deep learning and analytics but heavy CS topics like Algorithms or Data Structures bore me to death
Here's a different idea. Maybe they sold off because they were leveraged up too much on the wrong kind of debt. If they predicted the market was going to tank next quarter in their AI models, they might have made a rough but necessary trade-off. Losing $500M instead of losing $10B.
Hi @Ken Jee I tried to follow you step by step. Unfortunately I got error after getting the url from github. you can see the error by clicking the link.Can you please help me.      https://singhsaurabh0913.github.io/Saurabh_Portfolio/
from twitterscraper import query_tweets is resulting in an error for me  (AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find_all'). Can anyone help?
Just because you do not take an interest in politics doesn't mean politics won't take an interest in you.

I think same is happening these days,

Just because you do not take an interest in data science doesn't mean Data Science won't take an interest in you.
I was using the jupyter notebook on Mozilla and I’m getting the driver error again and again. I tried to fix it but it shows unicodeescape error
Let's cut the crap: the only reason people write articles saying data science is dying is to be edgy and get clicks.
Can I have your contact details?? I have some doubts regarding masters in datascience
The text small and hard to see.
Can someone who’s not so good with Maths go for data science career path
Now isn't that a nice example for the human concept of 'fate'
Time and I have an oft adversarial relationship as well.  I have been working on it.  Btw, how did you do in the March Madness competition?
You just jealous we be taking your job. Just say it as it is. 😏
what a sad way to waste away an entire human life just to land a job!! it's high time that the industry starts making well defined data science roles. generally, data scientists are supposed to know the entire lot of crap and apply only a miniscule % of that knowledge in real life. i don't like the idea of living a life in this manner. need to seriously rethink data science as a career... living my life is more important for me. they ask like 20+ skillset for one position!! not worth it. it's not a creative process anymore.
I have a MSc. Mathematics/Statistics. Been trying to land a job in the stats field since I graduated but no luck. Thinking of taking data science to become a data analyst. Planned to take a Master's degree in Data Science but have to forego because there's no scholarship available due to this horrid pandemic. Just started a free data science online course on Kaggle. My question is, am I on the right path? Is it really possible for me to become a data analyst through this path? Hope you can share your insight. I'm so desperate tbh because I just lost my job recently due to this horrible pandemic ㅠㅠ
The dog when ya talking about the MLE interacting with the rest fucking killed me, ty for the videos man
What a irony ken sir !
Every time I wanted anything you made a video on it and I get solution of my problems.
1.  you're in it for the Money
2.  you don't like Autonomy
3. you're uncomfortable with
  colaboration.

THANKS ME LATER
Man technology is scary, I can't even imagine where the technology will be in year 2050
Damn, I got a long way to go before I can start applying. Well done Shile!
Watching it again and starting to think if my struggling to learn python and pandas as well itnis not impatiance? Yes, at little.
Is it difficult to find a job after completing a masters in sports analytics?
Hi! What internship salary someone like you could ask for? I don't want to be fooled by an employer and I don't want to ask too much
Is this a private module, why does it give an error at the end?
Hey I tried joining your discord link it says invalid or expired... too late?
Don’t sugarcoat things, Ken. Just tell me I’m not smart enough.
The problem with this vid, it doesn't say what type of skills needed.
The seeming lack of awareness by this guy talking about how clickbait titles and thumbnails ruin YouTube when half his videos are exactly like that. You post loads of videos with clickbait titles and thumbnails, you're part of the problem mate
I'm in so big of a dilemma. Problem 3 states that software engineering might be a better fit then I'll see youtubers regretting their majors the instant I search. Just give me the janitor job at google.
Most players are starting to shoot deeper threes anyway so I don't think moving the line back a foot and a half will do that much. I could be wrong tho.
This guy replyin to each comment no cap. What a real G.
I think some of this comes from being badly informed on proper protocols for giving credit (just because something is freely available on Github doesn't mean it's free for anybody to just grab as their own with no strings attached), and poor mechanisms for dealing with the understandably great pressure some face in the field.   Doesn't make it right, though I agree with you that I doubt it typically comes from ill intentions.

On an unrelated note.... I think it's "sy-kit learn", not "sick it learn".   "Sick it learn" sounds like a modern experimental metal band or something ;)
#4: Seems there are more Cons than Pros - Money, Time & Uncertainty #66daysofdata
It's been a tough journey for me till date.. Learnt a lot but still lot to learn.. DS is not a easy field to pursue..
Failures and bad experiences are what I need to hear as a junior. Because that's what happens to me mostly and everyone talks about good things happened to them which is unreal.
Ken Jee thank you for this video. I’m just. Beginner and while I’m trying to run the code I keep getting the following error even though selenium is already installed.

ModuleNotFoundError: no module named ‘selenium’

I tried manually installing selenium by unpacking the taz file, still the error is there. What has gone wrong?
Ken,i really lack from the maths side of things,what books/ressources do you recommand ?
Data science jobs are reaching the SWE jobs number. So I guess its nt going to die anytime soon
Interesting analysis. 
Job boards are least helpful. Find the employer's email from a job board and send an email. LinkedIn is helpful but one really needs to know how it exactly works. Just applying through LinkedIn doesn't help, so constant engagement might help.
If I had no regrets I wouldn't being here on your channel. If I wouldn't fail at university, I would not start to become Data Scientist.
I am always getting this error . Can you help me with that
NoSuchElementException: Message: no such element: Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":".selected"}
  (Session info: chrome=89.0.4389.82)
GREAT WORK KEN!! 

One doubt, On the last area of appending samples, getting error on the code.



sampl= append(sampl)

NameError: name 'append' is not defined
I recently started following you. I am terrible at Stat. I have this fear. But with this I am ready to face it heads-on. Thank you for speaking to me. I will start my Journey today
Hi!, I'm having problem to get the data, apparently the problem is arround this line of code when trying to bypass the sing up thing:

try:
        driver.find_element_by_class_name("selected").click()

I get the error: NoSuchElementException: no such element: Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":".selected"}
  (Session info: chrome=89.0.4389.90)

why does it not find the element?

Thanks in advance!
How can anyone think the courses on Kaggle is good, I'll never know. I tried them, and was completely speechless. They are so bad, it's insane. And the Instructors are technicians who are so over the hill. I think that's why they're so bad. I need someone who's a beginner like me, not someone who's been working for 10 years.
That's really awesome,  really had the same idea, but my problem is collecting data, tracking it
Hi Everyone, can anyone please assist with this error:
StaleElementReferenceException: stale element reference: element is not attached to the page document
  (Session info: chrome=81.0.4044.138)


I don't get this error unless I try to scrape a large number of jobs, which is weird.
Thanks for the video, but why do yo have such a small screenshot of the code?  I’m watching this on an iPad and my eyesight sucks.  Also, what is the point of having your image in the lower right-hand corner.  Does you image make it easier to comprehend what concepts and ideas your expressing?  All that negative space is distracting from your content, which is interesting e
Does anyone knows how I can fix this: attributeerror: 'nonetype' object has no attribute 'find_all'? I can't find a viable solution to fix this so far!
I would pay money to see that Brazilian jiu-jitsu match!
thanx. There is 1 funny thing: your screen backround is so inperfect ...It was  annoying me during the whole viedeo. Put that ball in that damn hole! :))))))
I THOUGHT YOU WERE QUITTING RIGHT NOW, AND MY HEART STOPPED
Salary will make you forget about your own dream, so do something of your own even it's a small thing and live a life of freedom rather than stuck in salary zoned.......Even working in google doesn't make one happy now a days..

Data science and Machine learning jobs are biggest scam of millenium
@Ken Jee I am facing this error, I googled it but didn't find any solution. I am very new to this so if anyone know how to get done with this.
 no such element: Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":"[alt='Close']"}
  (Session info: chrome=92.0.4515.131)
After the installation of anaconda there is no prompt and navigator. And I can’t find a solution. Do you have maybe a solution for my problem?
Unfortunately this code is broken now. I think Glassdoor has made some changes. For example, class "jl" is now "react-job-listing". I've made a little progress in making some changes.
Shouldn't have eaten it.🌶️🌶️
It Looked you're regretting choosing Data Science 😂😂 as a profession 😂
Shit 5 months is quick? So in the meanwhile what do you do? Work at Mac Donald’s or live with your parents?
Dude you are terrible in explaining things in a pedagogical what. Impossible to follow your quick scrolling.
"Po" should be the name ....
From kung fu panda. Because of it's black & white look and it's a panda and a beast...you know right panda..pandas....right...
@Ken Jee  hello ken, i am pursuing masters degree in data science and planned to graduate in August. I am now worried about job market due the present situation. How bad it would be impacted in terms of data science job market and economy?  Is there any crisis we are facing? Please make a video if possible!!
I know it is not easy to break into this field but I won't easily give up. I hope I can become a data scientist.
Thank you! Awesome tutorial and an amazing find. Btw could you perhaps also do a video on how to get a library of users from twitterscrapper? I tried using the author's example "get_twitter_user_data_parallel.py" but to no avail, kept running into problems :/ Don't know if it is just me though.
Mistake #1: Plugging your USBs into Papayas
How to Solve This: Plug your USBs into Bananas

It's basic stuff, but some people still mess this up.
What use C as my programming language, is it fine or will it be useless?
Are you David gogggins of data science?? stay hard!!!
I David gogggins my math degree
You can just do:    max(error)  to get the max value in error list
But talkin ✨g about something purely my idea .
I think I had problem with defining the problem statement and looking for right data . I just use to see the topic I want to work on and not on the problem statement. And secondly also I use to just take data if it's related to the topic and not to the problem statement biggest mistake . Took me a lot of time to get out of this mindset
This woman made a list of people she wanted to cancel. https://web.archive.org/web/20201214233656/https://twitter.com/AnimaAnandkumar/status/1338282250614411264
Taking a crap on the toilet while making youtube videos about data science = boss level
Ken, i'm going through this entire project with you:) As selenium goes through the glass door website i get the error after a few cases saying ElementNotInteractableException ... i have added this error to the webscraper.py and like the other errors added pass but the error is reoccurring....can i get some advice?
I’m unsure on majoring in data science or computer science 🤷🏻‍♂️😏
I’m in the second stage forsure, I hate it, it demotivated me, haven’t been working as hard because every time I get stuck I see the answer that I could never have though of with functions idek how they got, and I’m like I’ve been on this problem for an hour. It’s like macro-patience and micro-results
Abandoned video at .38. 
Want to know why? Read. 🤨


Visit video to get a quick subject and topic list of math required for data science

Video suggests article to read on topic. 

Stop video, video article.

Offers link to coursera course on topic.

Visit coursera course.

Spend 15 BLOODY minutes trying to find the cost of certification.
Do not find it, give up search frustrated.

Return here to leave comment. 

Abdandon watching the rest of the video! 

Conjure up images of wanting to punch the wall in frustration on time wasted with results still unfound.

Comment done. 

Now 30 minutes later, I still need a list of subjects and topics.
I am commenting again because idk where my comment went
so when I first gave the ML test I passed it with flying colors but then my friend told me about this github repo that has all the answers to different linkedin assessments which made me kind of sad because that meant the assessment isn't worth much lol
I gotta be honest here, started learning Data Science on my own but every now and then I become lazy AF and I just stop for a period of 2-3 weeks. It's difficult to be consistently committed to the program and learning. Although I hope I slowly complete the training.
Despite of all these .. and  No matter how many difficulties will come on the way...   I'll never give up on becoming data scientist.❤
Hi Ken, I want to pursue career in Data Science and I'm struggling with it. Though I'm in final year of undergraduate degree in computer science  but I haven't worked on real projects. I really have this passion and feel that I can do work but Argh ! I find myself stuck every single time.  Despite the fact that people appreciate me for 'Learning new things without hesitation' but I do not progress. I have been using online free resources about data analysis, machine learning for about two months but I couldn't progress from regression and classification. When I learn I deeply grasp a concept... and I've discussed this thing with my professor many times but I didn't get satisfactory answer. Am I missing something , doing wrong ? Or is it just I worry too much ?
This is extremely useful. I realized I was so wrong about some learning approaches and practices (I'm a pure beginner). Very informative.
The most confusing topic for most of the beginner. Well explained.
what's your beef with @alextheanalyst
when will it stop
or is this a PR stunt??
The sentiment is maybe coming from the difficulties to find your fist job if you are an aspiring data scientist. Rejection and unclear expectations (most companies have no idea how to find and sort data-scientists) may make many believe that is was just a fad, and they came a little late to the party.
Ken, I'm not sure but is this any experiment... Every comment has a same and weird reply which is little confusing🤔
How hard is it to get job without master's degree??
In short the reasons (from description):
#datascience
1) You are in it for the money
2) You don't like autonomy 
3) You are uncomfortable with collaboration
Hello. I am 1 week into learning Python. Sorry for this dumb question but is data science part of machine learning?
There is a problem with those statistics.
If data scientist jobs grow from 1000 to 10000 that's nothing really even if it has a huuuuuge percentage in increase.
Plus, you are almost DEAD if you look for an entry level position.
My User folder has a space in its name so the anaconda installer warns me that several packages will face problems, what to do?
In your opinion is a statistics' degree useful to become a data scientist or is completely useless?
i failed stat 1 x3 in college (im english major, now doing sales). now Im relearning stat for data science
Love this!  As a pragmatist I find it appalling how intimidating this field appears before you start diving in and getting your hands dirty. Hopefully people can start to understand that DS is human intuition applying math and computing as a tool but not a concept separate from real word problem solving.
Thanks for the recommendations Ken! I really appreciate it. I want to dive into machine learning, but my math and statistics knowledge are not good enough yet. Do you think the book Think Stats is a good book to learn statistics basics? After learning statistics, the book Hands On Machine Learning is good for beginners?
Sir nowadays data science and data analyst job are so difficult ....the company calls us and tell us to pay money for training is this relevant???.....i mean why to pay money cant they give us a job by our skills???
Hello Ken, i'm new to data science, i watched your videos which i find very interesting. i got an error when i try to reproduce your tutorial. the error is << selenium.common.exceptions.NoSuchElementException: Message: no such element: Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":".selected"}>> can you help me solve this problem so that i can continue the tutorial.
thank you
I thought the field of Data Science was all "Money for nothing, chicks for free". Apparently i was wrong. 😁
Im getting interested in programming and have a regular science degree with no background in mathematics.. The idea excites me.. but with no experience in maths its probably too bigger decision for myself :(( maybe ill just stick to Spatial science, we will see
Must have been really hard time for you when your cousin passed away but glad you fought through it. 
Anyone reading this, just remember hard times doesn't last forever, so don't give up💪🏼
When scraping the 600th job there is no progress in scraping anymore and when I look into chrome I see a reload button and when I click it by myself then a "StaleElementReferenceException: stale element reference: element is not attached to the page document" Error is thrown. But before clicking myself at the reload button, there is no error thrown nor progress anymore. Does anybody knows a solution to that problem?
couldn't agree anymore :)

I think that kind of mindset must be had for all kind of goals that we want to achieve, because some people usually blame the abstract way instead of choosing one and develop little by little
Time management is such critical thing and one of the hardest to do.
Hi Ken is this normal in the USA no photo ?  If you don't have photo here in Europa most likely you will get no interview...  Culture difference?
Hi KenJee! 
Firstly I code manually then I got below error and after that I copy & paste your code from GitHub then also I got same error....Can you give solution for me...Thank you so much...
Error - NoSuchElementException: no such element: Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":".selected"}
  (Session info: chrome=90.0.4430.85)
Why would anyone take a portfolio site made on wix seriously?
nice video, but this applies to any new job that will come up in the future. If you don't want to learn, you're lost
It was most enlightening that a lot of the decision pruning was purely practical (ie: no BCS requirement; missed a deadline and didn't want to wait another year). Good reminder that we don't live in a perfect world; we live in this one.

(... Also, on behalf of the entire community, please accept our humblest apologies for our dire transgressions, Master Master Kenneth Jee.)
Hi Ken! Thanks for the informative video! I am currently pursuing my master degree in Data Science. This is my second semester but I have been disappointed of this program. Since this is a private school, the tuition fee is $25,000 per semester but the quality of the classes are I think similar to / lower than data science online bootcamp. Nowadays, I am thinking whether I should quit my degree. Seriously I feel like this is waste of money and time. However, considering the money I have spent so far, it is difficult to quit easily.
Working on a project helps me learn a lot faster. Main struggle is about what to leave than what to pick.
Is that you telling us choosing data science was a mistake? I’m sure eating that yellow paper was definitely a mistake.  If not enlighten is on the correlation between data science and the eating that yellow pepper because I did not catch it.
Can I ask you guys title Suggestion of thesis undergradute in Data science, or analyst field.
I really stucked :(
Data science makes my head hurt. I wish I ran into your video when I was still in school. I literally graduated TODAY!
I can't give you a like even though I want to... (It's at 69 likes)
Hey Ken i sent you an email. I'm the guy from twitter sry fr bothering u Everyehere😅
Thankyou so much for this information Ken❤️
No doubt you told everything about it but I'll also read the paper❤️🤩
sorry, why i got htmlsessiin object or request_html module?
The machine learning model did not fail. The business model failed. Zillow had an excellent understanding of the market. After a year of doing this, they had more experience than the average house flipper in buying and selling houses. 

Their problem was that they were in a market for lemons. The people most likely to sell to them were also likely to be the worst value. They did not properly mitigate that risk, so they ended up losing a lot of money.
Those are spot on .
These are few of the mistake I made when I was starting
From opinion likedin would be better option because normal job application goes through resume software which get rejected mostly so  networking with people on LinkedIn engaging and making connections and talking to potential recruiter will be best choice but bad side of cold email  is  getting those mail people sometimes spam those which is totally not cool ....these are my opinion of course other people can have there own as well🙌💯
Of course it will exist.  The world needs vampires. These are not my personal goals, just how I see Data Science.  Data science as i see it....  Goal 1. Stalk and Harrass.  Goal 2.  Manipulation and deception. Goal 3. Ripoff the naive and uninitiated.
Point #1 I agree 100%. I'm into sports so learnt quickly that even a bad tennis coach is better than no coach for novices! So I just googled data camp and went for it
I am just a beginner and not an expert, but I think beginners should take the first notebook(by Pedro Marcelino) with a pinch of salt. There are some things I found very wrong in this notebook:

1. You don't always need to drop multicollinear variables. 1 most widely used model in Kaggle is XGBoost and it is immune to multicollinearity. I think, so are other random forest like models.
2. Dropping a variable because it has more than 15% missing data is a bad idea. This threshold is too much in my humble opinion.

There are more things which much more experience Data Scientists have pointed out in comments section.

I am not saying it's entirely useless but it is not great to follow it 100%. It has maximum votes but maybe it's just an outliar in Kaggle's dataset of Notebooks.
I get solutions for my every problem by your videos.Thank You very much Keep going sir.
@3:50, yes, Web Developers are still in high demand, but today their pay rate and demand isn't the same as it was back in the 90's and 00's

Wouldn't be surprised if the same happens with Data Analysts / Scientists
no one's talking about the nut button on his desk behind his monitor?
I've recently been failing so many software engineering internship interviews . To be honest , I'm sick and tired of how hard SWE is. With all of it's Data structures, algorithms  and it's challenges on leetcode ,  it gets really stressful. I took a udemy course on data structure and brushed up my coding skills for Java , but I still struggled . I've been looking into other fields such as Maching learning , Cybersecurity , and Data science.  what do ya'll think I should do ?
Hi Ken, thanks for the tutorial! It really worked. However, after I tried to get a large amount of data (I think the limit I entered was 9999), the console says that it encountered an error involving json file. May I know how could I avoid this error? Thanks!
Ehhh, we can always improve, but I wouldn't take that much blame.  If you are trying to help them and they'll only give you one word answers, they're just being jerks.
This might be a dumb question. But what does all the math help with in data science? Also I hear a lot of reading papers or professional documentation that requires math or something?  Im a bit confused
Hi Ken, is a data scientist a software programmer? How to improve one's programming skills if one has had limited exposure or does not feel too confident about programming?
As someone who found data analytics after statistics (and not the other way around), I don't feel intimidated by "maths" in data science, so, sorry, can't relate xD
got stuck around 12:00 when trying to print the career stats. it keeps telling me that "AttributeError: module 'nba_api.stats.endpoints.playergamelog' has no attribute 'playergamelog'" any thoughts ?
It's been 5 hours and this video only has 573 views, strange.
The contents in the video is great but unfortunately the title of it is aimless and frustrating. You know that if anyone who just decide to become a data scientist and in the beginning of their way and see the title of it then enter like i did, you made the subject very difficult on them like " what all of these challenges i will take.. it is a long way ... No no I can't continue i am gonna give up" just because this video??? Why don't you encourage all people to work in this field encourage, motivate them?? , but in fact it is not difficult, it just needs to work hard... 
You're already making videos related to data science, but why would you put someone down when they've found a dream and want make it comes true?? And also make him worry that he might back off and you prove that belief in his head? Also at the beginning of the video you talk about this as if it is impossible for normal people to do
Sorry, but your introduction to the challenges that will face any student or a normal person who has decided to major in data science will lead him to desperation from the beginning of the video
Hey Ken, nice video! I have a quick question, do you happen to work alot with data structures (Ex. linked list, pointers, trees) within the data science field? I struggled alot to understand these concepts and it was especially hard since everything was online :(
Hi

how can we deploy this as a webapp on heroku?
waiting for your reply please :(
Really awesome! My only minor criticism is that in the first half of the video, most of the pivot tables and charts are displaying counts. When comparing counts between categories (i.e. survival rate by age) it really needs to display the percentage of that grouping... Sadly I'm too much of a noob to figure it out just yet :(
I feel quite insecure when trying out a new project from Kaggle and feel that I am just copying others and not doing anything unique. What would you suggest as a method by which I can overcome this insecurity and push myself forward?
Hey Ken, thank you so much for this. I am currently trying to transition from consulting to data science, but have been really struggling to find ways to demonstrate my knowledge to potential employers. This really helped! Projects don't look like so daunting now!
Gonna start implementing these steps in my life so I can stop editing videos at 2am 😓
Ken Jee. Been Following you since you had 10 views on each video. I am SOOOOOO glad you are killing it. I already saw it coming
El  año pasado dijo  la corte penal dijo que Nicolas Maduro yatenia 18000.mil asesinado  ycuantos ycuantos  de este mes de Mayo  asesino los presos que estavan llorando de hambre  enla Carsel   No recuerdo si fuerom  100 o50.00  y los que asesinan diario   Y sin delito  nadie hace protestas  sin agua y sim  Comer  en  ahora enla Pandemia  quien  dijo  no hubieron protestas por los asesinado de hambre  y sed no hay agua  esjusto   18000mil asesinados  tambien  por hambre  no hay una sola protesta en venezuela y pueden venir Chavistas. A protestar por un asesinado  y18000mil asesinados no. hay protesta   Pero  un asesinado  por uno  los Chavistas llegaron EEUU  an de estar   Chavistas como lesquedo el ojo
Whenever I see that Ken Jee notification I drop everything I'm doing to watch it
I am having a hard time installing docker in my Mac
It’s so hard to do a project out of new idea 💡 feel like just quitting this field 10minths and still a noob in this field kills me from inside makes me wanna pull my hair Everytime I see a blank Jupiter notebook
I believe one thing that makes project strange if you think about problem you are facing in day to day life and try build project around it. In that way your project will be strange enough to catch a reader attention.
The IBM Data Science specialization course at Coursera.com is a very good course for beginners. I know it isn't free but anyone can get it for free by applying for financial aid at Coursera
There is always this moment in life when we are low, where we stop and think about what we do. Then take a step back to change the route or move forward with more intensity... its good you did what you wanna do coz most people scare to take a step back and loose their intensity , passion in long run.
Thank you so much for this insightful video. Is that discord channel open to everyone?
I took it. I passed it. I passed a bunch of other assessments. The Python one for example and they're all pretty bad.
did I come to the wrong channel? nah.. that's Ken .. 😅😅😅 make some more series like these..
Hello Ken Jee
I had the same error as you with ./hugo server. To correct it, I did the same thing as you. But I keep getting the same error all the time. What to do?
Hello Ken Jee, would you be able to help? I get this error while running the code below. The error comes out as part of the output. But the number of tweets seems less even without me setting a limit. 
"ERROR: Failed to parse JSON "Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)" while requesting "https://twitter.com/i/search/timeline?f=tweets&vertical=default&include_available_features=1&include_entities=1&reset_error_state=false&src=typd&max_position=TWEET-1237528655246413824-1237528662397730817&q=coronavirus%20since%3A2020-03-04%20until%3A2020-03-11&l=en"
I am not getting salaries in my data frame(It's coming -1 as default)
I did some digging, but I am not getting it.
Please help!!!!!
By building an instant offer system, they provided a great incentive for people who knew that their properties were not worth the offer to exploit the system. If they didn't give themselves an out via a contingency on appraisal, then they were just plain stupid. An appraisal costs a couple of hundred dollars. If they were losing 80K per flip, then they earned every penny of loss that they took.
while scraping the glassdoor website it is redirecting to an Indian website is there any way I can stop it.

can anyone just guide me on how can I rectify it it will be really grateful

I stopped manually but the scrapping results are not convincing, like sometimes I am able to scrap the salary properly sometimes not.
i spent  two days preparing and learing this project and i am stuck at 17:00. i am getting this error Message: no such element: Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":".selected"} 
if someone has got the solution, let me know. I already searched a lot on internet but didn"t find solution. i replaced the glassdoor website with indeed.com too but the same error on  indeed. Also i changed the sleep time from 1 up to 500 but still no luck.
I get ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'scrapy.conf' for after import query_tweets. It won't properly run.
Hey. I am a graduate with Statistics as my subject. I am about to complete a diploma in Data Science. No technical background or job experience. I want to dive deeper into Data Science. What would you suggest me pick between getting a masters in Statistics, or drop and focus on more Data Science learning for one year. I am really confused with this decision :-(
There is something wrong with your promotion. The yearly price is only 20% off, please correct and update
Wsl consumes so much ram, just open a  very small react app with vs-code running with wsl-remote-extension and it  
uses 1.7 GB of ram. I have 8Gigs on my laptops and with running wsl it literally uses 85% of ram, and also got the BSOD multiple times. So Disappointed !
Hi, thanks for the video. I was really looking for this kind of answers. Although I already signed in the 365 data science course in Udemy before watching this.

Just I have a question that terrifies me. Do I need to be a math wizard? Just the word algorithm terrifies me.
I always struggle with numbers, even now I miss the most common and simple operations. 

I'm doing a statistics course in Khan Academy to catch up as fast as I can. But still freak out about it.

What can you suggest? Not to panic? Or focus myself inf hard core maths, statistics, algebra...???

Hope you can answer.
Somebody might have commented already, but in more recent data pulls some salaries are more precise thus they don't have a range so edited the lambda for max salary checking len(x.split('-') first to avoid out of range errors
Thank you for such a direct, no frills video.

Would you say that learning SQL is still a big part of data science?

Sorry if this was already asked, but skimming 800+ comments (well done btw) isn't easy 😅.
7:48 Are you trying to say that building models is not necessary? Could you explain your argument here?
It will be interesting to see if the act of measuring effects the dependent variables.
I suspect some people may now be reluctant to like a comment as it may detract from their own comment.

Maybe there should have been a blind benchmark for a period of time before announcing the leaderboard.

I suppose people could prove me wrong by liking this comment.
Checkmate.
I would start by not learning it and start learning software engineering. Data scientist  are looked down in the tech industry. Any software engineer can do their job but it is boring as hell. Apart from that, your end product is nothing but a power point or report showing your results. Who would feel proud of that?
Wait I haven’t commented on this earlier?? Must have been in a JavaScript induced coma o.O
My chromedriver version is as per chrome browser so thats already uptodate.
what could be the reason for this error
I’m a senior in high school and am planning to major is data science in college. Is this a bad idea? Do jobs not want people with a data science major? I hope you see this and respond 🙏🏼
2:56 theres a typo and my dyslexic brain told me to read it as 'orgasming' data dont ask how, great video btw
Data "science" (more like information processing) is being pushed for a reason, it is the next step to remove more freedoms and enslave humanity, and of course they need useful idiots that can't see a palm in front of them (because they're too busy chasing the dollar) to do their dirty work. We need to fight back.
https://youtu.be/-jHXYR74vYE
https://youtu.be/8sqMbhDuvaE
https://youtu.be/hkX8wygqGQE
I really wish I had a book... thinking of buying hands on ML book but damn it cost More than 2k in my currency 😂😂💯
I thought that was a wedding ring not a sleep tracker xD I am tracking my eating habits, meditation, sports/yoga, reading and productive work.
#1 it's illegal you're basically wiretapping unless the EULA lawyers get you to agree to be monitored all the time *cough *cough.
I worked on a project of Stock Prediction using Lasso Regression by using Technical Analysis and Time Lag.
I am working in trying to improve the presicion of a non destructive test (Sclerometer) in concrete  structures by using other models than simple linear regression.
Hello Ken, I was able to scrape 1000 jobs from glassdoor but I noticed all the salary estimates are the same (58-90k). Please what could be wrong?
"what do you mean i can't use a Jupyter notebook for this"  , as a beginner ,i feel attacked in so many ways lmaoo 😂
Hi

I have no idea about phyton and R. How many month it takes to learn?
Oh no, now I'm going to get video recommendations on how to beat the algorithm...
Ken, what I have found is all these online projects / learnings mostly gives 10 variables and ask to predict a 11th one. But in the real world it’s very difficult to goto that level of identifying a problem and later identifying a approach to solver a problem . Until now I have not seen any course teaching that. Your advice on this ?
SSLError: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='free-proxy-list.net', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by SSLError(SSLError("bad handshake: SysCallError(10054, 'WSAECONNRESET')")))

I'm getting this error. What should I do?
2:12 please tell me ken, how do you quickly learn business domain problems after entering the company?
You have ended the hate I have had for Lambda functions (just because I couldn't understand them) in the first 20 mins of the video. Thank you!
selenium.common.exceptions.ElementNotInteractableException: Message: element not interactable: element has zero size  (Session info: chrome=83.0.4103.116)


I am getting this error every time I run this model.
The best thing you mentioned is If you don't like hearing me speak there is no reason to buy my course. Actually, this occurs many times.
But In your case, I like to hear you because of your way to explain concepts.
I cannot agree enough about the point he makes where people don't understand the job. So many people want to skip over the data cleansing portion and get straight to modeling. These people tend to lack the CS skills required for data cleaning too. Data cleansing is the majority of the job and it's disappointing to see the lack of skills in this area among my peers.
Is a bachelors degree in business analytics a good start in the field of data science if you’re really bad at maths and know nothing about programming ??
I have a scholarship that will fund most of an MSBA, but they use R for the whole program and no Python. I’d prefer Python, but do you think there’s any value in learning R first? I have no programming background
Omg you scared me with the title.
.l..I'm learning DS and wish to continue with this career path
Hi Ken, thanks for the help on learning about data science. I struggle a lot using Kaggle to learn python. The user experience for me is quite intimidating compared to other platforms I used as there are times even when I know the question, I get lost on how to answer and follow the steps.
These days when the notification for your video pops up and I am wasting my time, it feels so terrible (of course all because of my stupidity and procrastination). But it serves as a strong motivation for me to continue my project. But I need an independent drive and perhaps even a proper course to follow. The stuff on 365 Data Science seems good.
It is very important but still a hard concept to grasp 💯🙌
Psh, I ain't worried about companies listening through the phone.... I'M WORRIED KEN JEE IS LISTENING THROUGH MY PHONE, AS I WAS ABOUT TO MAKE THIS SAME VIDEO!!!!  😳😳😳
!curl https://course-v3.fast.ai/setup/colab | bash

 % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current
                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed
  0     0    0     0    0     0      0      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:--     0curl: (6) Could not resolve host: course-v3.fast.ai


!curl -s https://course.fast.ai/setup/colab | bash

bash: line 1: syntax error near unexpected token `newline'
bash: line 1: `<!DOCTYPE html>'


I got these errors in google colab. Can anyone help?
Can you review my Github profile, please?  I do not have a CS background, that's why I don't feel confident.
hopefully I can also persevere. I have been taking the Kaggle micro courses but recently I’m thinking about quitting because the machine learning part is getting frustratingly hard. I have so many questions because the reading doesn’t explain every line of code thoroughly. Mindlessly copypasting code from tutorial to exercise problems really makes me question the rationale of learning data science. I have no one to ask for help so I think it’s extra hard because I have to google everything which is super time consuming and I don’t often find the answers I need.
#61: And again, the sound of a siren he he
Great tutorial, basic and understandable. 
I have done a lot of SQL in my life, a LOT! Short story, a tool was badly developed in one of my past jobs, so I had to do an App SQL version for the users to fix all the unfortunate trash that the application was doing to the data, what a mess!!
#66daysofdata
Utter bullshit. Speech recognition is computationally cheap, otherwise there wouldn't be such things as Siri. Companies don't pay for these computations, because your phone does them
Hi Ken, I'm looking forward to the next 66days on linkedin. I had planned to join in the last one, but had trouble with twitter.
Hey Ken great videos!! I am a relative newbie and up until know I have been following along smoothly with no errors however with the step of running the "wsgi.py" file and running then curl X etc in the command line....I am getting the same error you were however the your fix did not work for me (@21:54 time stamp) and I made sure to copy the code you had to the letter.
Following Error:


<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2 Final//EN">
<title>500 Internal Server Error</title>
<h1>Internal Server Error</h1>
<p>The server encountered an internal error and was unable to complete your request. Either the server is overloaded or there is an error in the application.</p>


Any ideas??
Sean
Spoken Turley. I am certified PMP and I work with people all day long. Once a person asked me  what is a problem on a project. I replied " any independent entity that has logic and reasoning, embedded with emotions, is/can be a problem on a project."
I think I messed up the order:
- Setup portfolio page & showcase projects ✔️
- Work on projects to showcase -> Coming soon!
hey ken  , while i am performing my wordcloud code part , i am getting this error "The _imagingft C module is not installed" , what should i do?
Ken you need to work on your onion cutting skill 😁😁
What are the pre-requisite for these projects i.e python, R, Sql or a person who has completely no background of coding can do it??? Please do reply!!!
I don't think it's gonna die anytime soon. Companies which uses data to grow their business have a significant upper hand on businesses who don't. So, even if the new entrepreneurs don't want to use data, they still will have to use it otherwise they are gonna get beaten easily by their competitor's who are using it. And the fact that people give away their data 24/7 , you need someone to analyse that, so data science is probably on the rise in my opinion, no doubt at all
I told a girl I was a Data Scientist, the 'Sexiest Job in America', and she didn't give me her number. 

Did I do something wrong? Should I change careers?
Mistake nr 8 : data leakage between your training and testing sets. I saw that being made by an experienced data scientist in my first job. It was ignored and a 85% precision/recall score was announced to management.
I started going through the Kaggle courses. The big picture makes sense, but I always forget syntax and stuff.
Can I, a person with no maths background or base even think of getting into Data Science?
This video is old but Ill put my two cents, I have almost 3 years experience as a Data Scientist and even now my resume can match up perfectly to a job I know all the skills except maybe 2 or 3 because I've never done it before in my experience and I still get denied ALOT
I was thinking of taking data science because it involved coding. But now I'm not so sure about it.
I'm medical personnel, now pursuing my PhD, I was never good on Data science, its not our primary goal in medicine. But now after entering Phd my supervisor recommends R so that I can be able to analyze my data, it kills me. Any advice?
The “Impostor Syndrome” usually refers to the nagging fear of being labeled a fraud for having a job we don’t feel we’re qualified for or receiving an award or recognition that we don’t feel we actually deserve.
A variation should be called the “Average Person Syndrome” for the frustrating feeling of not being “enough”. News and social media frequently show us things like grade school students developing apps or web sites to address some issue of the Covid pandemic, or podcasters, YouTubers and Twitter tech influencers with thousands of followers. This can leave “average” people second guessing their ideas and projects as not being significant “enough” when compared to others on display.
I'm thinking of starting sort of an anti-podcast and titling it something super awkward like, "Nobody Should Listen to This Podcast." I'd describe it as an arrogant jerk and his (formerly) inner monologue. 

That way, it's half satirical reverse psychology, half self-sabotage. Which is sort of my thing, really. 😁
Yo I'm a CSE student and just got a job as a back end software engineer. Fuck this guy. Whatever your dreams are you can achieve them.
No doubt about communicating with professors to get an experience. I was able to get a machine learning research position as an undergrad at one of my CS professors' lab. 
Also, other pieces of advice are priceless! Thank you Ken!
1:57 Poor email doggy 🥺

2:55 I track how much money I spend building my boat, my overall video schedule, and what tasks I complete each day.
File "C:/Users/Shukla/Documents/Glassdoor/start1.py", line 8, in <module>
    import glassdoor_scraper as gs

  File "C:\Users\Shukla\Documents\Glassdoor\glassdoor_scraper.py", line 12
    In [15]:
            ^
SyntaxError: invalid syntax




i am getting this error
Really a very informative video, I am a undergrad student in computer science and I would like to have a career in data science. I tried to do some self study online, but I am still confused if I am doing things write or not. I want to where to start and what to start with. I also don't have a good statistics background, but I have a good experience in programming in Python, so please if you can tell about how to start and where to start.
What a naive view of the world... of course they are listening... that's not even a question anymore.
idk for me there aren’t enough tools that aren’t on windows
Hello. Can you show me how to get boxscore and andvase state from single games. I just dont understand the best this endpoint section in nba_api
I just removed all of python, pycharm, anaconda from my computer and followed along. i reinstalled anaconda and then it will not let me open any of jupyter notebook spyder or anything. the error is an import error? please help
Hi Ken, I have to predict a binary classification, the dataset has two columns with monetary information, both have right-skewed distribution. If i scale columns and /or apply log transformations, accuracy gets worse. Why could that be ? Even by removing outliers (percentile 98 or 99) it also gets worse, Thanks !
Hi Ken, what is your opinion of writing Unit test to make sure your data cleaning is done correctly? It is hard to find a mistake when you have thousands of rows. But you can find mistakes better if you data set is small and controlled.
Can i start doing the project without completing any of the micro courses on kaggle? or should i start wth the micro courses first before start doing the beginner's project?
New personal goal : submit a profile to Ken in 6-7 months.(Currently have an empty github).
I want to ask you a question and ı hope you will answer. I am willing to be a data scientist. After 3 years, ı can have a job because i am in a college right now and student of statistics and computer science program. And my question is; will data science job die until i get the job or data science will die in the future?
The cli typos are so relatable. I do them all the time. I use some Oh-my-zsh autocomplete extensions but the auto-suggestions can get problematic when I always write pyhton instead of python.
Hi Ken, nice video. I really liked the last tip, I've been concious that focusing on one thing could bring in way more results than juggling too may at once. However, I have this irrational fear that I'll lose out on time I could be using to do all of those other things, which is why everything is always top of the priority list.
Nowadays it's much harder to keep a balance, especially in countries that impose large restrictions on social interactions.
Ken since you emphasize learning programming, use the term library not package. Yes, a nitpick but we should not be using cutesy terms when talking about programming and the vast collections of ready-built functions/methods. Your videos are always informative.
I missed it smh. If you start making more as a youtube than a data scienctist and it start taking more time, what are you going to decide to do youtube full time or half yt half ds?
I have really lost count of all the data science mini projects I've done, now I need to do a major one :life:
dude you're gonna be playing cyberpunk 2077 on ultra high in 8k and 200 fps on that machine. that's crazy!
Hey there. I really hope someone sees this. I just recently dropped out of accounting, i have a 4.0 GPA, so it's not because I didn't perform, I just didn't love it...Now, I'm considering a Masters degree in BI, and I have to admit...For someone who's never ever switched tracks, I'm freaking out...I don't really like excel, I'm scared of coding (I've never done it) and the last time I touched statistics was an introductory class in my first year in Uni...I want to be in marketing later on, but the master's degree in marketing isn't valuable (bad placement rate, and low start salary). BI seems to be something that might give me an edge in marketing, and in an of itself, it's valued on the market and pays well of the bat. I'm really struggling right now, because I'm starting to think I should've stayed in accounting, since at least it was clear what the progression of the career would be...Someone please help me! I'm on the verge of a nervous breakdown,
I like that this is not an overly technical video and drew me in to DS instead of being scary with loads of terminology
Why did so many ppl dislike this? Going through projects step by step pointing out the nuance is helping me A LOT
i am watching your videos from past 1 hour and it has cleared a lot of  doubts of mine.....thank you
Is notre dam fire a searched keywords in tweets or what does it refers to ...? And how to add the parameter of hashtag??
Very happy, that this ring is not fashion product haha. I noticed it very often and always thought that it is little bit strange to be only for fashion purpose:)
I have an error that appearance "SSL error"!! 
SSLError: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='free-proxy-list.net', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by SSLError(SSLError("bad handshake: SysCallError(10054, 'WSAECONNRESET')"))   what is the solution for that eeror, help?!!
I'd like to do a bootcamp or a certificate, but I can't pay those out of pocket so I'm just sticking with Masters cause job kinda got screwed cause of covid lockdown 🙃
For a beginner, is it ok to focus on Kaggle problems? Or should one explore LeetCode, and other such websites? It all gets overwhelming.
Don't just trust your gut. Watch Nico Gramenz as he explains the value that data brings to decision making. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnceimy4VrU
Hey Ken. What would the best approach be if I already have a project but am just getting started with Python programming? 
On conversing with a data scientist one time, I was told it was a deep learning problem. I am confused if I should learn what's necessary for this project or approach it like everyone else?
1) Eliminate stuff that are less important or activities that are eating your time(social media )
2) Be consistent with your approach.
3) Schedule routines.
4) No shame in asking for help
And many more points to learn from this video.
If I could add one thing to the last part of the video; something that has helped me a lot is changing the tool you use if you're really stuck .. I got stuck so bad creating a Dashboard that gets updated daily in R Shiny and got so frustrated .. I completely switched the language and did it on streamlit, I finished it all in one day afterwards ! Just like Tina once told me that you shouldn't be married to one course, the same thing could be said for DS tools ! I think this is super important because many people spend days working on one thing until they quit completely ..
7. The personalised diet
6. Digital minimalism, Deep work
5. Can’t hurt me
4. Breath
3. Why we sleep
2. Lifespan
1. Atomic Habits
0. Huberman podcast
I think one of the biggest obstacles of learning python is actually practicing the syntax and memorizing the many different functions needed to code. Any websites you’re using to practice the syntax/functions and solving given problems that are common when using python?
I'm ready for the ultra sequel "How I would learn data science if I had to start over (if I died and re-spawned in my next life as an alien)"
Is this possible to apply a custom loss function in a regression model ? I'm working on a stock market prediction model and I need to maximize the following loss function: if [predicted] < [actual]  then [predicted] else [-actual]. Would that be possible ? Thanks
Another question is that, in my data, the multiple linear regression performs fairly well with the training data (use cross validation) but really bad on test data, is that caused by over-fitting? 
For Lasso and Random Forest, it's fine
First project can never be a perfect piece. The most important thing is to take start rather than thinking about the level of outcomes.
Hi! I am using your code to retrieve tweets from specific Twitter accounts...


from twitterscraper import query_tweets
import datetime as dt
import pandas as pd

begin_date = dt.date(2018,12,1)
end_date = dt.date(2019,4,19)

limit = 12600

user = 'AleFerruzcal'

tweets = query_tweets(begindate = begin_date, enddate = end_date, limit=limit, user=user)


BUT I GOT THIS ERROR:

TypeError: query_tweets() got an unexpected keyword argument 'user'


Could you tell me, how should I take in the 'user' filter into your code?
Why didn't you choose a master's in Applied Statistics?

I just put in an application for a grad certificate in Applied Stats yesterday. The choice of school was made for me by these factors;
1. No GRE required
2. No recs required
3. Three intakes a year so no waiting till next year
4. Non-exirbitant tuition (under $1,000 per credit)
5. On-line program
It's telling that you had to uninstall and reinstall Anaconda.  I get the impression that these kinds of broken installations are commonplace in Python world.
I tried using lambda functions the way u are using to mark as 1 if data have 'developer' But i am getting error.
TypeError: argument of type 'float' is not iterable
a['developer']=a['MainBranch'].apply(lambda x : 1 if 'developer' in x else 0)
Main branch contains statements something like below
Ex : I am a developer by profession , I am student, I am working as a hobby.


Please let me know what mistake I am doing.
I bought a $699 Lenovo IdeaPad flex 5 laptop as i was a newb and didn't know about the gpu requirement. This one has an AMD Radeon gpu. I have the option to cancel the order. Should i cancel it?
Hey Ken, regarding getting a Masters Degree, I am confused on which to pursue (MS Data Science, MS Stats and Data Science, MS Information Technology). I want to get into a Data Science career path but I am worried that Data Science would be a fad and I would be struggling to land jobs upon graduation. Most of the job descriptions for a data scientist I encountered requires MS in Computer Science, Statistics, etc
It's not working for me. Even after following all the steps in the video I'm getting 404 error while accessing the URL
You have some good points but the problem is that most projects require deep learning knowledge. The Kaggle courses won't teach you how deep learning really works or what the parameters do so you are just going blind. I think once you get grounded with programming and the math you should do the HSE course on Deep Learning.
Thank you very much, I am not sure whether you have posted video about data analyst or not, but please would you post video which explain difference between data analyst and data scientist.
Ken, I'm struggling (beginner) with the first lines of code. How do I make the lines appear in the Console 1/A and execute them?
Thanks for watching everyone! Check out Tina's channel for the next video of this series coming out next week! Tina's Channel For Next Week's Episode: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2UXDak6o7rBm23k3Vv5dww

Try watching these videos next! 
My interview with Tina: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfV4nm004VQ&ab_channel=KenJee
Avoid these data science resume mistakes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DM1eE_Coh6g&ab_channel=KenJee
Tina's first resume review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mueI-I7Suxw&ab_channel=TinaHuang
Can you tell me why in RandomSearch for ml model; uniform and reciprocal is used, what is its significance, purpose. I have no idea about this and google seems to be not helping me.
I'm confused on how to add the code, do I upload the csv file to the line of code? How do I do this?
Hello, I completed my Bachelors Degree in IT from India but I really don't like coding...is there way to get into Sports analytics  without coding or I must do coding. Because I don't want to coding all my life. Sports analytics is interesting. 
What can I pursue if i really hate coding? Note: I got 98/100 in Java in academic course. But I don't like now. Sports analytics intrigued me because it showed me direct application of what I have learnt in my academics...and I am afraid to get into data analytics/science just because it has coding?
How should I start ? Should I really do a formal 1 or 2 years Masters degree or just enroll for online courses? Can you specify some courses to get started?
Completely agree, I took this assessment applying for jobs this year, but it doesn't provide any value for people taking it or people hiring!
Hi Ken, love your videos. Got a question for web scrapping tho. Maybe I'm missing it, but what should I be looking out for in the robots.txt about scraping? I pulled up the glassdoor one on my own, but not sure which line says to not scrape. Maybe I'm missing it or don't really know what to look for.
I'm currently learning Data Science but find it to be VERY VERY BORING. Don't know about others, but I don't know how long will I be able to continue in this.. 

Whoever's reading this, it's very appealing to enter this field but the inside story is very different. Please try some trainings a lot before entering this field.
Hi!! I was actually struggling on an assignment for hours together and finally encountered your video..it solved my issues within minutes..I immediately subscribed and ended up on this one..Keep doing more videos..You rock!!
This applies for any job in our life. People get bored doing the same thing for a long time
The problem with these sort of codes is that you are predicting the past. It just follows the line of the past and can't make predictions for the future. So if you want to loose money, go a head and use this technique.
It was a journey. I am about to finish my project and I can't thank you enough.  Hadn't I followed this playlist, my final project would be simply a bunch of code that no one would understand.
Thanks again Ken.
So first we perform data manipulation and cleaning which you taught in the previous videos before linear regression right ?
How can data science die if it's always been there? Everything we do is based on the data we collect, and that will continue to happen. 
People don't know what they don't know.
Could you specify how to learn form others' notebooks on Kaggle? I'm not sure how to start.
Is data science mainly used to do evil such as face recognition and surveillance in communist China? I've just completed first and second stage working on C++,  and I'm presently doing research for next stage of study.
These 3 techniques will really make an impact on me to go ahead. Problem identification is a very much important skill in data science.
My sister is a lead business analyst at citi , is it different from data analyst? I am always confused between these two
hey, ken wonderful video , i faced an error while copying the data soo many a times i used to get this output  (x out failed) in the middle of the extraction, and then suddenly it just paused at 622 /1000 like didnt pause but its just stuck there idk what to do @ken
Hi Ken Jee! I have a macbook pro 16 2019 but i need it to work with Power BI and Power Query. I am struggling with that. I may probably need to buy another computer. What do you suggest?
Hey Ken, random question. Do you know if Python 3.9 is supported on Anaconda yet? I can't seem to get my environment variable working :(
I swear if someone with only a google cert gets a job before me
I'm trying so hard everyday , as day passes I feel I forgot what I have learnt  ,I have already at it for a year and have a Post Graduate once I have completed ML and NLP but still not confident and cannot recall mainly NLP concepts , yet to do Deep Learning...really tough time , but I'm sure If I keep on at it I will crack it !! In three months my goal is to revise some 10 projects and deploy using flask ,testing in postmaster , exploring hiroku , NLP and Deep Learning will definitely down my life  for sure !! But doing all this with a full job is even more horrible and keep drowning me ......
Is there a way to to confuse the algorithm to shuffle random videos instead of the learnt pattern?
Still valid approach in September of 2021.
One mistake that most of the beginner do is to that they try to master stuff in one go but forget to consider that you can't master programming(python in our case) by watching tutorials after tutorials in one go. Rather  to work on your building projects. In this way you will go through trial and error and will learn alot.
Hi Ken: Thank you so much for your video!! I am wondering if you mind helping me with two more problems? First, when scraping a thread using twitter scraper, the result only shows the first tweet of that threat. How can I scrape all the tweets of a thread? Second, how can I use twitter scraper to scrape the comments and retweets of specific tweets? Look forward to your reply!
I have no experience in anything. Graduated with a 2.5 in college. Just go admitted to grad school in data science! You could do it too!
Ken you're the man! Maybe you could give away resume reviews or mock interviews with you as well for aspiring and looking for work data scientists.
I have some grasp on Deep Learning and Python programming.
But when it comes to applying my knowledge on the datasets I suck.
Any tips my dear fellow learners??
I'm a Data Science engineering student, currently looking to what certificates should I focus on getting during my 3 academic years so I can have a better resume, any ideas ? :'(
Damn just 10 min ago i was watching your video and saw this guy's comment on it and after few minutes found this video 😂😂😂
I already kinda know beginner/intermediate R due to university (math) but from all the videos information I get, everyone suggests python so I want to learn python... But my selected masters ALSO does things in R(msc stats and data science) so fuck my life I guess I'll have to Learn python after R the way things are going 😂😂
ALTERNATE QUESTION: If you were starting from scratch today, but with the knowledge of your regrets and struggles (keeping in mind that everything has changed since you began and continues to evolve) how would you proceed? More specifically, how would you "learn Python"? With so many ways it can be applied, it's like saying "learn to use a computer".
This error is shown while I ran python 123.py
123.py --> I have renamed requests.py bcoz of package name 

Pls help out to solve it.
Is it bcoz of chromedriver installation or something else.



Error is:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\Users\Monica\anaconda3\envs\ee3\lib\site-packages\requests\adapters.py", line 449, in send
    timeout=timeout
  File "C:\Users\Monica\anaconda3\envs\ee3\lib\site-packages\urllib3\connectionpool.py", line 727, in urlopen
    method, url, error=e, _pool=self, _stacktrace=sys.exc_info()[2]
  File "C:\Users\Monica\anaconda3\envs\ee3\lib\site-packages\urllib3\util\retry.py", line 446, in increment
    raise MaxRetryError(_pool, url, error or ResponseError(cause))
urllib3.exceptions.MaxRetryError: HTTPConnectionPool(host='127.0.0.1', port=5000): Max retries exceeded with url: /predict (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x000001A860CDA048>: Failed to establish a new connection: [WinError 10061] No connection could be made because the target machine actively refused it'))

During handling of the above exception, another exception occurred:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "123.py", line 14, in <module>
    r = requests.get(URL,headers=headers, json=data)
  File "C:\Users\Monica\anaconda3\envs\ee3\lib\site-packages\requests\api.py", line 76, in get
    return request('get', url, params=params, **kwargs)
  File "C:\Users\Monica\anaconda3\envs\ee3\lib\site-packages\requests\api.py", line 61, in request
    return session.request(method=method, url=url, **kwargs)
  File "C:\Users\Monica\anaconda3\envs\ee3\lib\site-packages\requests\sessions.py", line 530, in request
    resp = self.send(prep, **send_kwargs)
  File "C:\Users\Monica\anaconda3\envs\ee3\lib\site-packages\requests\sessions.py", line 643, in send
    r = adapter.send(request, **kwargs)
  File "C:\Users\Monica\anaconda3\envs\ee3\lib\site-packages\requests\adapters.py", line 516, in send
    raise ConnectionError(e, request=request)
requests.exceptions.ConnectionError: HTTPConnectionPool(host='127.0.0.1', port=5000): Max retries exceeded with url: /predict (Caused by NewConnectionError('<urllib3.connection.HTTPConnection object at 0x000001A860CDA048>: Failed to establish a new connection: [WinError 10061] No connection could be made because the target machine actively refused it'))
A video on how to respond when one of your projects doesn't go to plan would be great! Do you just forget it ever happened? Or do you put it on your CV anyway, even though you didn't get any inspiring results?
Hi, I am trying to follow this tutorial, but now the settings in github no longer say "master branch". I only see the choices "main" and "None"...
I am a mechanical engineer..of no prior knowledge of DS... Doing project as you suggested from kaggle and making it unique..lets see🤞🤞
Great video, I heard from someone in the Data Science industry that some robots checking resumes are messed up with having a 2 columns resume, so the candidates should have one column resume, I am not sure if you heard that.
I saw GPT3 and thought, welp, most software engineering jobs are going to get booted. 
Tell me if I’m wrong. And also if this could spillover to data science.
Hey, i just want to ask,is data science has a strong relation with accounting? Because i am kinda afraid that i learnt data science but it can't be implemented in accounting and my investment kinda ruined
Due to covid the aus government is sponsoring retraining and data analytics stood out for me. I come from an arts/business major and I'm an English Second Language Teacher. All the work has dried up and I was transitioning to work in film but with restrictions that won't be possible anymore. So I've decided to retrain. I dont know if data science/analytics is right for me because I havent tried it, however I did do well in stats at uni and maths in school. I figure ill give it a go and if i dont like it then what the hell, i only spent $2500 for 6 months of which i wouldn't have worked anyway. Thoughts ? Just researching this has kept me up at night
In my opinion, you should stick to the field you are interested in. And data should be complicated enough to be worth analyzing, not like two columns. But to get both the data and the idea is the biggest problem for me so far. I either have the idea, but it's nearly impossible to find any decent amount of data or there would be lots of data, but on a topic that I've never found the least exciting. Sometimes data isn't complicated enough for a project. For instance, I do monitor used cars sales on a regular basis, I just love reading about cars, comparing them. But the tricky thing is, there are like 5 or 6 variables to utilize, like mileage, color, horsepower, year produced etc. It's more than enough for eda, but there is not much room for machine learning project. The only interesting idea I came up with (apart fromobvious linear regression) is to analyze, whether mileage is real or not based on the price, number of owners etc. It seems like some fields are inferior in terms of generating data, than others
Do you want the girl too?
We are out of her league.

We are poor data scientist and you're YouTuber and she own the half of the city.
Man... now I wonder how they measure the level of friendship you have with someone and if they try to model the parts of your behavior that are unknown to them, through the behavior of the people you hang out with. Insanely cool and scary stuff, and ethically quite questionable.
Can't tell you how bored I am these days. If I've succeeded autonomy in my kitchen as the room chef, I literally am bored out of my mind. There's nothing to solve, there's nothing to improve on. Even if there is, its not happening frequent enough to keep me on my toes. I think, aside from the money, data scientist might be something that would allow me to challenge myself and that's something I'm jumping into.
Do you think that building an Elo ranking might be appropriate for golf? I am trying to build a golf model but I am somewhat lost.
Hello sir, what's specific course that i have to finish ini kaggle? Its just ML course，python and deep learning? Is it enough to prepared for ML crash course by Google?
Q: 01:00 and 6:52 what happened to the T-Rex? 
A: He regrets (see what I did there?) being a carnivore so changed to a Brachiosaurus to get some of those juicy papaya! 🤣
This also shows that something is wrong with this company’s culture. People directly involved in the housing transactions, if they have some general sense of the local housing market, should know that the price is wrong and be concerned, but there does not seem to be a channel for that concern to be seriously heard by the upper management.
Hi Ken I just finish my Python Course and i'm also confused where to start about my DS Career i have learned Some libraries too but i'm still confused and i can't figure out how to maximize how to start without wasting my time
14:00 We need to separate State and education so there is no money to hide in the Education industry. Instead Education needs people from Industry to teach, so it is directly from the Job market what is being taught.
I work as a finance report analyst with some sql queries with visuals in Power BI but its more of a accounting role and  I am trying just to focus on data analysis.  
I have a  Masters in  public administration and did publish work and did go thru statistics class. I am not sure if I should do the Boot Camp or get a second Masters Degree.Boot Camp at my University is about 11 thousand dollars even though I have the money dont want to spend it something useless that will not provide the tools I need to get into the filed. I have seen countless videos and it seems like some ppl say that its a scam but I really want to get an insight .. would you hire me as analyst if I have a boot camp and some prior experience?
No-code really is just a new buzzword that means what "democratization" used to mean.

It lets unskilled people do what we do so we can learn the new hotness in our field. I used to be a web analyst. When Google Analytics started interpreting itself, I moved on to software skills and ML skills.

No-code is good. As soon as we get comfortable with techniques, they are no longer cutting edge. So they're boring. No-code offloads that shit to our stakeholders so we can move on to the new cool stuff.
In my case, replace in data_Cleaning.py this line:
df['job_state'] = df['Location'].apply(lambda x: x.split(",")[1]) #list index out of range
for
#Solved list index out of range in case on the city does no have ","

 df['job_state'] = df['Location'].apply(lambda x: x.split(",")[1] if  len(x.split(",")) == 2 else x.split(",")[0]) 
# se soluciona problema de fuera de indice, cuando se presenten ciudades sin siglas.
Hi Ken and Data Professor for this incredible walkthrough!
Everything went smoothly for me until the end, when i got 404 error page. 
Has anyone solved this issue?
Hi. I’m a nurse and planning to shift into data science. Will it be difficult coming from a non-technical background? How much is the starting salary for this profession?
is regression or classification harder? I don't know which one I should start learning first. In stats, we only learned regression and never classification. Thanks
Got rejected today.W told that the deadline was today so they couldn't put me in the project. They literally gave me the 6 dates to choose and I choose accordingly. Ohh well
Thank you for an informative tutorial. I am having the following error while running the code: OSError: [WinError 193] %1 is not a valid Win32 application
I am newbie to Data science and carry no prior knowledge. Is there any course that I could take up to learn basics?
Lets say i am totally ignorant about this field and i start putting 7 hours a days into learning. How long till i get an internship or a job?
Its white and its a beast = Fenrir (a white wolf) ! Also just wondering, regarding the choice of CPU. Doesn't ryzen cpu's have problem with intel compilers which significantly reduces performance?
First time scraping data, I did not took  into account the effect that would have on the site, requested over 11k urls without any pause between the requests. Two days later i went to the site to manual check some data and they had severely restricted my IP, I could request a url every 10 minutes or so.
THE EXPLANATION WE HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR!! 🙌🏼
...also... I hope it's okay... but now I'm going to drop a video next week titled: "The Only DATA ANALYTICS Explanation You Need" 🤣jk
With Siraj the real nail in the coffin was how badly he plagiarized that deep learning paper by replacing mathematical words with nonsense words (complicated hilbert spaces, haha). I understand why people lie when there's little chance of getting caught. I don't understand when people do it in a situation where they will almost certainly be caught.
Hello ken ! I'm doing Data science since 1 month and did 2-3 projects, 1 with deployment. I have confusion related to math part.
I don't find my self or youtubers doing math in there projects, what they do is just important libraries and perform maths task such Linear regression, mse, mean , median and so on.. 
I'm literally very much confused , do i have to solve maths problems by hand or just understand the formulas (how they work)?
A current master here: 30% comes from the uni as a big index along the courses you have and demanding you to pass the exams. 70% from really learning from other sources online.

Rankings are just marketing and must be ignored, look from pros and cons from the uni and the location to avoid surprises (especially as an international), get money from wherever you can as you will have enough stress from learning, and prepare in advance to reduce that 70% to save time and enjoy the journey.
Thank you for this. I'm tired of spending time watching incredibly detailed ang long video tutorials about data science without actually applying what I've learned to a project.
It seems my web scraper isn't scrolling down to access new postings.  It will successfully scrape the first handful (up to 15) and then spit out this error:
ElementNotInteractableException: element not interactable: element has zero size

The error appears to be coming from line 61:  job_button.click() 
Does anyone know how to deal with this?  I am new to web scraping.

Thanks!
Do you actually have data showing that most people who apply to data science eventually choose another career? Or is this more a prospective warning to the swell of new applicants?
Sir I am an engineering drop out.
I want to focus on data science.
Some People tells that you must need graduation to become a data scientist.So what can I do , complete my graduation which takes 3 years or focus on a data science stuff ?
Please suggest me I am very confused.
Harpe or Cronus. Cronus was one of the 12 Titans of Greek mythology, and the Harpe was his weapon fashioned by Gaia.
Ken , what do you think about Tensorflow?
I use a macbook and have been stuck with issues (modulenotfound and PIL errors) since a week. I've literally followed every single stackoverflow and github issue thread but nothing seems to work. Does tf, in general, doesnt work on MacOS?

This is my error(if anyone's wondering):

!python {'/content/generate_tfrecord.py'} -x {'/content/Training'} -l {'/content/label_map.pbtxt'} -o {ANNOTATION_PATH + '/train.record'}
!python {'/content/generate_tfrecord.py'} -x{'/content/Testing'} -l {'/content/label_map.pbtxt'} -o {ANNOTATION_PATH + '/test.record'}
running which gives me the error:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/content/generate_tfrecord.py", line 29, in <module>
    from object_detection.utils import dataset_util, label_map_util
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'object_detection'
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/content/generate_tfrecord.py", line 29, in <module>
    from object_detection.utils import dataset_util, label_map_util
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'object_detection'
Hello, I am trying to use the code to extract information from glassdoor but code is no more working may be due to changes in glassdoor . can you suggest
Hey im a freshman in college and i have a intrest in econ and and stats,  rn im majoring in computer but really not enjoying coding projects. Do you recommend switching my major to stats and econ or sticking with cs
I just spent the last several months learning data science and I thought I was ready to start applying for jobs.  I did so this morning and to my great disappointment, I found that every entry level position required 2 years of experience and already had 100 applicants.  This gives me very unpleasant flashbacks to trying to apply for entry level electrical engineering jobs after I graduated.  I do not believe there is any quantity of hobby projects I could do that would allow me to enter this market.  I'm sorry, but your entire channel is a waste of time.
Your monitor has a TN panel and doesn't support wide viewing angles. I'm guessing that this is for a reason. What reason could that be?
Unofficial discord server: https://discord.gg/MCczub
Do reply with an official one if that exists, but for now, this will do
Hey Ken, I'm actually building my data portfolio but I'm a little lost on what to show. I've done a lot of work with R and python projects, analyzing data but I'm not sure if I should show every work/project that I've done over the last 2-3 years. What do you recommend?
I couldn't help but notice the b-roll of fruit, coconuts, woodroses, and banana trees, are you in Hawai'i?
I finished IBM's Data Science specialisation course on coursera few weeks ago. The capstone project is peer-graded. I can assure you that there were plenty of  students who simply copied and uploaded others' work. It was utterly disgusting.
I am an SAP Business warehouse developer that uses the SAPs proprietary language ABAP but exposure to coding limited to work exposure. SAP's stock tanked 30% since it missed the cloud bus and it has kind of given me a pinch of diversification. Does it make sense to invest in learning Datascience and switch gears?
I'm a second-year Economics student. Do you think I can make the switch? I'm unclear on how to pursue data science from here.
Is this the first comment in this month?
The leaderboard prints this error message for Time Period: This Month

AttributeError: 'DataFrame' object has no attribute 'Like_Count'
Traceback:
File "/usr/local/lib/python3.7/site-packages/streamlit/script_runner.py", line 332, in _run_script
    exec(code, module.__dict__)
File "/app/youtube_leaderboard/leaderboard.py", line 62, in <module>
    eps['Engagement Points'] = eps.Like_Count + eps.Comments + eps.Reply_Count
File "/usr/local/lib/python3.7/site-packages/pandas/core/generic.py", line 5462, in __getattr__
    return object.__getattribute__(self, name)
Couldn't agree more. Working on a data set about the virus during this time. So many people have created really insightful notebooks on Kaggle already!
Hi Ken don't you think Data Scientists are limited to the quality extent of the Dataset they have access to?
Dear Ken, I have done my UG in Biology Science and currently studying in Bioinformatics for masters degree. I have totally no experience in coding before master but now I have some experience in Python, SQL, R, and machine learning(but very basic). My summer internship got canceled due to the pandemic and I'm worried about my lack of experience in real-work job when I graduate this winter. Bioinformatics maybe a bit different and I'd really appreciate to hear your suggestion.
Since the test set has no output (Survival), should we even consider it in our EDA? Why not doing just on top of the training set?
#57: Hey Ken, how that year went for you? Did you wrote understandable code, attended + DS events (This I think was tricky, the things we can't control), updated your README ➡️ Github, participated in Kaggle competitions, and made projects accessible (✅ I think you kill it in this one, 2020 was the year where I knew you and has been a great journey!)
I just making you accountable he he 😅
#66daysofdata
Say today's date is j and yesterdays date is j-1; are you using data through j-1 to predict minutes played on date j and for the RMSE calculation? If not, you will be understating the error. Just wondering because it wasn't clear from just glancing at the code you have in your video.
Which python IDE are you using? and which OS? I think that's also an important part of learning data science. I used macos then windows and now linux. I wasted so many hours trying to fix setting up environment/framework details..
I am so much thank ful to you bro. I'm currently down and overwhelmed about this I've been learning about 3 months without a break and still I know nothing when I read source code form others kaggle note book and I'm so depressed. Sigh.. life long learning
What about PySpark? Does it also make sense to pay attention to it? And what could be a possible private project example?
I'm a Mechanical Engineer currently in my 8 sem.  I'm interested in coding and as data science is currently in boom i decided to switch into it  but i actually don't like math i mean like it but not that much
What's your suggestion for me should i start first with math or should i first learm coding actually I've basic knowledge in c and python
i started with python that is really difficult actually .i didnt have any data science knowledge .then i started learning SQL alone.evertjing was clear .if u get basic idea u can do anything
Very intriguing!  When you got to the golfing section, it gives me hope that once I get my master's in data science I will actually be able to combine data science with exercise science. My master's in exercise science may not be so useless after all!
We may really face some bad consequences due to the exhaustive use of data to manipulate humans. 

I will not completely blame the people who are using data in a bad way but it is also our responsibility to stay alert and make the right choice. 

The people who say that they are just doing their job must understand that they will also get into that loophole...
Do you live in Chciago I swear you were walking on Wabash by Roosevelt University
Hi ken,


I got an error after run the code


    raise SSLError(e, request=request)

SSLError: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='free-proxy-list.net', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by SSLError(SSLError("bad handshake: SysCallError(10054, 'WSAECONNRESET')")))


how can i fix it ?
Hello, I am on Mac using Python 7.22, since this video was made, I am sure there are some changes to the code. I am getting 'str' object has no attribute 'click' as an error on most of the lines ending in .click(). Does anyone have a solution for this? I am fairly new to this and really want to get through the project but have been stuck here for days.
Hi ken,I am actually facing a problem and I would love to hear some solution from you for it, so the problem is I have done a lot of projects till date but most of them either don't have a very good impact or if they do then the data which I am working on doesn't have many columns so I am not able to show my feature engineering and feature selection skills on it so can you suggest a source or any dataset which has both?
I am a studying M.Sc in lighting engineering. I want to be a data scientist. How hard it would be?
Lol. which one for someone in there 40's with no work experience, only an AS degree. But who has been programming since they where a child, and never been payed for it.. Who also can and has already built tensorflow, keras, pytorch and from-scratch models?

It's so annoying to me when videos like this assume everyone watching must have a Bachelors degree already.
The fact that you just said , "the first thing to know is programming" shows the level or lack of your mathematical understanding behind the concepts of something which might seem to be as trivial as linear regression. However, most if not all credible data scientists know the complexity of math behind the aforementioned concept , ranging from intercept interpretation to exchanging penalties with constraints in regularized models which will branch out to more non linear models like svm's using KKT theorem.. Please stop misleading people like this...
Regards,
A novice Data Scientist.
In my opinion Ken you're introvert and that's why job with a lot of contact with people didn't suit you well.
In big five scale in my opinion you're high in openess, low in agreableness, high in concienciousness and probably more introverted. In MBTI scale it would be INTJ type. This would explain why you don't like managing people but rather choose your own path and improve yourslelf. You also have strong analytical skills and this is your the most powerfull trait.
Hovever I can be wrong becouse my statments are based only on your videos.
How about data analytics? I studied computer science and I feel that I'm not confident in programming yet. And I feel that Data Science needs more programming and statistics than Data analytics. So, should I start with Data analytics? thoughts?
I’m working with a dataset containing around 100,000 rows and my grid search has been running for around 3 hours now (using the same parameters as you). Is this normal? Could Jupyter notebooks potentially be the problem?
Hi Ken,

Great videos as always. I followed this one until 12:07. I am seeing 1.000 for R-squared and 0 for all P-values. Back in part 2, when doing the scraper I had to cut the numbers down to 250 because the process kept disconnecting. During data cleaning that number was cut down to 38. Although the numbers were vastly different compared to yours, I was able to work with it because it still produced all of the insightful analysis. Now I'm unsure if I should continue because both R-squared and P-values look weird
Hello, I am very new to Github, powershell, hugo tools. 

I just tried following exactly as shown in the video,  but at 10:28 in the video, i have edited the config.toml file, i did that using the notepad. 
but after saving it and running the ./hugo server command, i am getting the following Error: Error building site: TOCSS:failed to transform "ananke/css/main.css"(text/css). Check your Hugo installations; you need the extended version to build SCSS/SASS

Please can you guide me on how to fix this?
Sir i am from India🇮🇳 your new subscriber  I am from commerce background and wanna learn data science but  it Very difficult for me to lern statics pleee give me some Spasific topic that help me and i am not do more theory
Do I need to practice leetcode for data science interviews? Or is it ok to know only statistics, mathematics, Python's data science libraries and Kaggle contests, but no interview coding questions(the ones related to datastrucrures and algorithms)?
How much time I should spend by week? I’m in a university doing statistics and I already work in the field but I feel like I should been looking for more kaggle datasets or more complex problems but or i look too simple datasets or too complicated. 
There is a intermediate list of datasets?
Hi Ken, are there any books on the topic that you found useless despite being often recommended?

Here's my small list:

1. How will you measure your life? By Clayton Christiansen

2. Never split the difference by Chris Voss who is the former FBI negotiator

3. You are a badass by Jen Sincero - a very powerful self-help book

4. The Psychology of Money by Morgan Housel - so far my favourite book about financial literacy
I am just starting. So, I don't know what is my regret. I am starting with python and I do write code but I get distracted and start learning something else . Youtube suggested so much. But then I reprimanded myself and try to learn the first thing I had started. In hope that I'll be able to get hold of the things.
Thanks as a beginner I am struggling with how to make my portfolio not to mention kaggle is already confusing ,I have done 2-3 projects, like should I make my own website, or kaggle or GitHub or everything, it is so confusing and time consuming 😣 
Also while I am making project I think of taking notes but that is so time consuming I am already dealing with bugs, at the end I am confused what all should I put in readme

I have done projects not made portfolio yet, mask detection, rasa chat bot and rl path finder
i got this error while running: OSError: [WinError 193] %1 is not a valid Win32 application
EDIT: I solved this problem by adding anaconda3 to path variables, but now I can't click the Close button. I tried many ways to do this but since 3 hours I still CAN'T Do this... I surrender.
please can someone help me 
i can't install glassdoor package 
i'm using pip3 and i have python3 install but when i run the pip3 install glassdoor command on my command prompt  i get a verry long error message
which at the end says invalid syntax
Well i am also thinking to start a career in data science,  but while learning i got stuck and didn't understand the thought process of that code,  is this normal??  Or i need to do something else
Hi I tried to re create this am getting an exception 
no such element: Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":".selected"

how do i fix this? any one
Man, all these just remind me myself, I tackled bunch of majors even filmmaking, then end up doing Economics. Now in my 25, I became data science freak. It's sad how those years were unproductive but I think everybody has a unique career and that brings us unique opportunities.
For starter in DS it is frightening to work on projects but very few still build some projects that make them stand apart from others.
I'm having hard time learning data structures and algorithms in python... Any suggestions to accelerate learning process..
Hi Ken, at 58:46, the error is caused by using `avg_salary` to pivot table against `avg_salary`, it can be solved by replacing the code:
for i in df_pivots.columns: 

with

for i in df_pivots.columns[:-1]:
Is there anywhere I can find the Kaggle web conference you gave with Nvidia? I didn't get a chance to watch it at work.
Hello, I have just completed learning concepts and algorithms of ML and deep learning. But after this, I really find no way to step forward, although I tried picking up some projects from kaggel, but in that too I faced a lot of problems and felt like a end. 

So can there be a specific journey defined for a learner to enter implementation phase after completing the learning phase?
why do we want to program for data science. We need to make that clear. Data Science and ML is all about finding patterns and predicting results. Once you get the results then use anything to make that result work. I'm really fed up of hearing R is not flexible, R is not programmer friendly. But does it get the job done, yes, then where's the argument. This trend started when programmers got to believe they can do ML and DS
on my first day i studied for too long well about 5-7 hours, I just finished watching and i did burn out and didn't go back to work for 2 days, i felt exhausted.
I am Pakistani and doing Masters from China. Due to COVID-19 I got to back to my home country. And now I am doing all my research work from home which I really really don't like.
2:20 i,m newbie to data field,but i dont think data cleaning is in responsibility of data engineer of course it,s vary from company to company but it,s not a part of data engineer job
Data engineer mostly focus on data warhousing,data pipeline,etl &... if i am wrong i dont mind if you tell me
Hey, Ken. I have installed SQL Server Installer for Developer Edition and Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio - 18.8

But while Restoring the database I am getting the following error. You said that you will link the video for how to install.. Can you help me with this error?


TITLE: Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio
------------------------------

An exception occurred while executing a Transact-SQL statement or batch. (Microsoft.SqlServer.ConnectionInfo)

------------------------------
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

The media family on device 'C:\Program Files\Microsoft SQL Server\LahmansBaseballDB_2018.bak' is incorrectly formed. SQL Server cannot process this media family.
RESTORE HEADERONLY is terminating abnormally. (Microsoft SQL Server, Error: 3241)
Isn't it also the case that if they get it wrong to the seller's benefit, the transaction will happen, but not the other way around?
by the way, most data science college courses are fucking awful. take them for the credibility, but use Kaggle Learn and personal projects to actually learn things
Hi Ken, good video as always.  I was working on this tutorial and the scrap file worked fine yesterday. I tried scrapping more data today however the "glassdoor_scraper.py" file started to return an error every time I run the "data_collection.py" file. Perhaps glassdoor made changes on their website. I tried cloning your project from Github and it gave the same error. Could you look into this?


Error:


ElementClickInterceptedException: element click intercepted: Element <li class="jl react-job-listing gdGrid " data-id="2952230826" data-emp-id="1405209" data-is-organic-job="true" data-ad-order-id="894020" data-sgoc-id="1007" data-is-easy-apply="true" data-normalize-job-title="Electrical Designer" data-job-loc="Middletown, PA" data-job-loc-id="1152197" data-job-loc-type="C" data-njslv="false">...</li> is not clickable at point (217, 869). Other element would receive the click: <div class="gdGrid noPad">...</div>
  (Session info: chrome=81.0.4044.92)


Thanks Ken!
I work at a market research firm as an analytics client manager. I create many deliverables from our proprietary research/data, but I don’t know if I can share those publicly given NDAs. I’m not looking to leave at the moment, but for the future, do you have any thoughts on how to showcase my work? I guess I could maybe scrub the data, but I’m not sure how effective the story would come across at that point.
Sir just one question do I really need to be an expert in maths for being a data scientist ?  I'm actually not from Mathematics field , should a pursue or drop . 🙏
Hi, new subscriber here!. Im from latam. And i decided to learn data science through coursera platform. But i have a doubt, do i need a college degree to get a job as a data scientist? or is enough to have this certifications? (ibm, google, stanford, etc)
Hey, Ken I also want to learn data science but i am confuse form where i start to learn data science. Can you provide me Step that i can follow to be a data scientist
Very helpful.. I have a PhD in systems science and industrial engineering and I'm familiar with all data science/coding topics. But I'm struggling with finding jobs I feel I need to strengthen my skills. What do you think?
What everyone including companies themselves fail to understand is that when they are asking for data scientists, and ML engineers, they are really wanting to be disrupting their own business before someone else does it for them. AI and data science are just strongly associated with digital disruption. When viewed through this lens, data professionals will be needed but the work they do and technologies they use will evolve. The role of digital disruption by making use of data through whatever technology is available is what people should focus on to remain relevant.
Ken please answer my query, 
I am a SE with 1 year of experience, I am learning ML/DS since around 6 months and recently I talked to the management of my company for transition to data science. 
They referred me to some research papers related to the respected domain which had seriously complicated math (look at it https://www.researchgate.net/publication/225708015_Impact_on_inventory_costs_with_consolidation_of_distribution_centers).

I am really overwhelmed with all this and am kind of scared by looking at the same. 
What should I do? Shall I drop the idea of becoming a data scientist or apply in other places with different domain.
I do not think the 3 point should be move and I think dunks and anything really close should be lowered to 1 point
The only project I've completed so far is the titanic set. should I even bother putting this into a portfolio seeing as how everyone has seen it before and it has solutions posted?
Ken, I think that my therapist has helped me a lot in my journey as a Business Analyst. They have allowed me to get to the root of my problem, which is exactly what data science is about. I highly recommend pursuing EMDR with a trained therapist to tackle the core issues of one's character. This therapeutic journey has allowed me to get over myself and to just jump straight into my work problems.
I'm currently doing an undergrad in data science and engineering (in India), which I picked up impulsively. If that was a bad decision, would it be better for me to do a master's in computer science (hopefully from the US or Canada) to break into the data science?
is this the same as a data analyst, if not would you say they have the same or similar barrier to entry?
Hi ken,
I have been wanting to get in the field for some time....have been a working professional in IT for two years
But everything seems so vast that it scares to even begin.....any advice ?
Hey Ken,
I'm graduating this fall from my university and working really hard on a bunch of projects, my thesis, and networking with professors who could refer me to data science roles. Nonetheless I constantly feel inadequate compared to pHD students and others I meet, do you think it is possible to get into a data science job right now with just my bachelor's?
The steps are really helpful for me but I have one doubt about How to check whether my system or laptop will be compatible for a specific project? When I start doing project I invest more amount of time in doing installation and facing hardware comparability issues......
Since you made a confession at the beginning, Imma hit you with one myself: I'm been trying to study DS consistently for a year and half and bruh... I find it incredibly frustrating. I do not feel particularly smart enough to do projects on my own but I really like your content, so I will stick around. 😬
I am looking forward to it. I am little confused about how Big Data and Data Science are related. Is Data Science for Big Data different than normal Data Science?
I am sorry, 256G of hard drive for data science ?  I really think you should do a few data science projects before you start recommending these specs.  256G even for a regular system might not be enough (even considering the fact that lot of data is stored in cloud).  For data science you should be looking at TBs of hard drive space.
Now you are just spamming random basic videos that are literally everywhere on the YouTube.  Also, most of your audience probably heard about RAM before... Think little bit about your audience, we might have seen a computer prior to clicking on your Subscribe button.
Call it Haietlik. 
It's a mythological creature, "Lightning Serpent". They are described as huge serpents with heads as sharp as a knife and tongues that shoot lightning bolts. (From Wikipedia)
You know... Cause Python
Hey is jupyter notebook too slow to run, Everytime I login again after a break I have to rerun all the cells and still notice some of the cells are unexecuted ,it's like running a same codes for many a times before you move ahead it's so frustrating ,is their a way to handle all this ?
This was actually really helpful! I’m researching for my own future channel, but I’m thinking about making a program that takes samples of YouTube videos, and samples yours and marker what similaritys it had on low viewed and high viewed videos.
Been waiting for this video!!!!

To anyone reading this, if you're looking to break into Data Science in 2022 I 100% recommend subscribing to Ken's channel and following his advice!!

Back when COVID-19 started in 2020, I was looking to break into the field and I had no experience, no projects, and I didn't know where to start.

6 MONTHS after subscribing to Ken's channel and soaking in all of his advice through his videos, I got a job as a Data analyst.

I'm living proof that this channel is 100% all that you need to get started. Thank you Ken and & I can't thank you enough for the doors you have opened for me.
You are 100 % Right.  I have myself have taken a break  after whole 3 years of continuous working without any long vacation. It really affected my physical and mental health.
Hey Ken, really appreciate your effort.  
I am facing a problem though. Since, i am an Indian user, the website is being redirected to Indian version of the web page and Indian version lacks salary on top where company name, position and location is mentioned. 
What can i do to solve this? 

p.s: Also, while redirecting it gives an option to undo it, but as soon as undo it, the scrapping process gets terminated with an error KeyboardInterrupt.
I'm just here because I am trying to learn more cuz I want to make a program and know nothing about proper data manipulation and all that jazz, so lets see where this goes.
Hi,
I just completed way college degree four months ago, did data science course with getsmarter.

Now my question is, on my LinkedIn profile should what words should I use as head (should I put data scientist for recruiters to find me or just write a graduate).

I don't know. Plz help.

Cheers.
I think Ken Jee youtube is on fire. I start watching when the subscriber is below than 5k and now almost hit 100k. Keep updating KJ, and I am waiting for the end-to-end project using Docker or Kubernetes.
So I did a project on linear regression and I'm still kind of struggling to understand it. I looked up Kaggle Notebooks titled "Linear Regression" or something close to that. Other than watch other courses, read other books, and do more projects is there anything else I can do?
Nice video! I wonder what would be the sentiment of the comments here ;p
I have a question - is there a way to get all the comments from tweets from a specific user for a given period, i.e. 2 years? Have been looking for a way to do that, but I'm yet to be experienced :/
Hey Ken I’ve just finished my bsc in international business and would be starting my masters in data science in a few months. I don’t have much of a quantitative background and was wondering if I would find the masters difficult?
Hey Ken why don't you join youtube as developer and do coding. Make that link box appear on left side so you don't have to mirror your video.XD
Did you leave out mentioning your own github repository on purpose? 
Also, was it an oversite the not mention github's opensource community as a resource?
I have heard that software engineering position in India are quite different than in other countries, especially when it comes to employee treatment and pay. If that is the case, I am not too sure the Sharpest Minds model will work in India unless the client was looking to move to another location.
This seems to be a silly thing that I see all the time with anything connected to coding. I've been learning to code (and now getting into data science) for about a year and a half. I have seen so many comments like is JavaScript dying? Is web development dying? Is Deno dead already? Even when people ask "Is JQuery dead?'" then you realise how many sites still use JQuery. The answer to the "Is it dead/dying?" question is usually "no"
Hello, I don't know if you remember the other day when I asked about the automated tennis video analysis. I have been doing some research and I found some research papers and even a thesis with that system I am trying to do. Is it illegal to apply it using OpenCV or some library? Can I use a bit or do I have to do everything from scratch?
Hi Ken, can you please discuss how to structure a Clustering project? I just finished some classification and regression projects but I have no idea what to do for clustering. I can't find many resources online explaining clustering algorithms in a way that makes sense to me.
As someone who's planning to start their second career path in Data Science, at 32, after going down the project management path... I fully sympathize with not being a personality fit for the PM role.
Hi, when I try to run the scraper  I just get stuck on chrome opening with the message "Chrome is being controlled by automated test software". I don't know what could be causing this.
Any tips on how do you put or phrase these self-initiated/learned projects into resumes? Since it is hard to show their impact.
I am currently in medical school but I want to learn data science so that I can use that knowledge in my research projects.Having so much work to do from the college side it’s becomes difficult to decide how much I want to learn and in what time. Can you give some tips?
I majored in math in college and I studied

- multi var calc
- linear algebra
- probability (discrete, continuous, and multi variable)
- statistics
- numerical methods
- discrete optimization/math of computer algorithms
- discrete mathematics

Lots of other stuff that I doubt is relevant to data science
Hi Ken, I tried following your tutorial, but when I try to run everything, I get a long error message in the console.  Being a novice,  the answers on boards liek GitHub and Stackoverflow are more confusiing than anything else. Do you happen to know what the nature of this error is? Thank you for your help.
 Here is the error I get : 



File "<ipython-input-1-c4ac0bf823b4>", line 1, in <module>
    from twitterscraper import query_tweets

  File "C:\Users\[username]\Anaconda3\lib\site-packages\twitterscraper\__init__.py", line 13, in <module>
    from twitterscraper.query import query_tweets

  File "C:\Users\[username]\Anaconda3\lib\site-packages\twitterscraper\query.py", line 73, in <module>
    proxies = get_proxies()

  File "C:\Users\[username]\Anaconda3\lib\site-packages\twitterscraper\query.py", line 43, in get_proxies
    response = requests.get(PROXY_URL)

  File "C:\Users\[username]\Anaconda3\lib\site-packages\requests\api.py", line 75, in get
    return request('get', url, params=params, **kwargs)

  File "C:\Users\[username]\Anaconda3\lib\site-packages\requests\api.py", line 60, in request
    return session.request(method=method, url=url, **kwargs)

  File "C:\Users\[username]\Anaconda3\lib\site-packages\requests\sessions.py", line 533, in request
    resp = self.send(prep, **send_kwargs)

  File "C:\Users\[username]\Anaconda3\lib\site-packages\requests\sessions.py", line 646, in send
    r = adapter.send(request, **kwargs)

  File "C:\Users\[username]\Anaconda3\lib\site-packages\requests\adapters.py", line 514, in send
    raise SSLError(e, request=request)

SSLError: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='free-proxy-list.net', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by SSLError(SSLError("bad handshake: Error([('SSL routines', 'tls_process_server_certificate', 'certificate verify failed')])")))
Is there a way to see the score of a particular user, even if they are not in the top? (yeah, I want to know where I am haha)
Hey Ken, I've a question. Since I saw your video where you built a project from scratch and I discovered pd.apply(), I feel that I've been abusing it. I've read more about the function and sometimes another implementations are faster. When do you decided to not use pd.apply() and use other methods?
Wooooo... That model of counting push-up is interesting. As there is a lot to learn in data science field but at the same time due to it's diversity a confusion is there. What are your thoughts about ML, AI, Data Science... Are these different or interconnected or it's just different names to one field???
All giant companies that controlling most of IT services build on top of one service and that is "selling data". They have no choice other than that to listen to us through digital devices.
I’m a recent college graduate with my CIS degree and I think I want to go into sport analytics. But I’m no longer in college how where do I start? I can’t get internships and they won’t hire me without experience
The lack of focus on data leadership and waste from hype, we're just not seeing a lot of feasible products and services that companies know what to do with or want to pay for.

There's significant abrasion between the skills that are professed via Google and what companies actually need done.  With that being said, there are a lot of newbies unwilling to make a commitment to the career.  When they find out it's not just pushing buttons in Anaconda, they bail.

Will data science grow or will companies adapt to what's available in the software and labor market when the hype dies?  Or will they just keep throwing money into the unknown?
within the dataset there are some observations preappended with 'salary:' so int() is throwing an error at this point of getting the min & max salaries. to get that out of the way.i did this: minus_hr = minus_hr.apply(lambda x: x.split(':')[1] if 'salary' in x.lower() else x)
not just listening but spying with cameras too 🤭, on a serious note ken that search history of papayas made me rethink my life choices
Hey Ken
Is the theory behind ML and DL concepts essential? For example there is a playlist for confusion matrix.So according to you knowing basic concepts is enough or all the theory behind the concepts is also important for a data scientist role?
I missed the live stream but I was wanted to ask as far as data analytics goes what mathematics is needed? For context, I have a degrees in mathematics and phsyics.
Hey, I'm a first year Undergraduate Data Science student. I'm having a little trouble keeping up with all my colleagues that have already learned to program during their school years. (We had a choice between computers and biology, I was a bio student) Any tips?
I have a technical question, being a self learning , do i have to learn ETL and pipeline in order to be able to fine a job
I almost done with all the requirements you’ve mentioned earlier on your educational suggested path 
The only 2 things i do really know are ETL/ pipeline 
Am confused 
Guide me please am really lost and I don’t have anyone but you
Your thumbnail is trash for a mobile viewers, which means not appealing to most of YouTube users. 

Note: Small font, and hard to understand thumbnail.
I finished interview for a computer vision engineer.  It's been 7 days and I'm just waiting for an email or call telling me if I got it or not.

Previously  I spoke to a recruiter at Facebook and AWS They never got back to me. It can be discouraging to apply and just get ghosted.
I think with ML I've had to deal with writing testing protocols for evaluating multiple kinds of protocols. That seems to be something that a lot of online courses miss
tldr : to be in management role you don't need to have hard core knowledge and experience. You just need to know how to sell yourself.
Personally I would not do a data science master degree.. there is no consistency between programs.. if one were to do a stats or CS degree as you go to different schools much of the curriculum is very similar.. electives might be different..
Hey ken, I am a  Full stack developer  with 3 years of experience . And want to be a data scientist but have no CS or related degree. So if I take a bootcamp and certificate both and some online courses in Udemy of (Calculus, Linear Algebra, Statistics and probability). Will it lend me a job of data scientist?
Hey Ken, I just started an online data science degree this past Jan.  I was wondering a couple things:

Why exactly was the design principles course so helpful?  This is also in my curriculum.

Is it uncommon to continue taking classes WHILE working internships?

I work full time and am nervous about leaving my job to find internships without the promise of a job afterwards.  Was thinking I might start searching for internships once I only have a few classes left so that I might finish the degree during the internship.
I guess the same thing is with location. Once they have access, it doesn't matter weather the phone is on or off.
Hey Ken, sorry to bring up an old video. Could you explain or at least direct me to information about cleaning the scraped twitter data?
Hey Ken
Im in a weird situation where the stuff im doing at uni is mainly in a team project or it can't be shown as it may be the answer to a potential future assignment (although I probably could just show it anyway). I dont have time between now and when I get an internship to do extra DS projects. How do I show off my skills if its part of a team project and some of the projects I've done at uni aren't very good? (We use bitbucket at university)
Man you gotta shoot in higher FPS! Maybe 60 or 120 frames per second and your slow-motion will look way smoother, cleaner, and cinematic. Check out Mark Bone's channel- he has a video called "WHY 120fps IS OVERUSED. FRAME RATE GUIDE: 60/120/180fps". (The beginning of the video the slow motion looked unnatural)
My biggest hurtle seems to be the degree.  TL;DR - Due to the Department of Veteran Affairs, I effectively can no longer get a Bachelor’s in the U.S. (without first having tens of thousands, and at that point I could transfer my first 109 credits), so I’ve been learning a lot of the math on the side.  Programming I’ve been doing since I was a child, but I’ve still a lot to learn to become a data scientist in other aspects.  Anyone who may know, I’m intrigued, in your experience, approximately what percentage of data scientists do you know who hold no degree?  I imagine not a lot.  But then again, I’d finish my degree if I could, too.  🤷🏻‍♂️
I feel it’s cuz YouTube data community is growing and every other day, it seem as thou there’s more new people then not. Feels like by the time I grad in 5years, not much of the pie would be left for newbies?
Thanks, Ken for this video. Currently, I am looking forward to entering into any data science role so that I can get some work experience.

Which should one prefer first or choose first while applying for entry-level, data engineer or data analyst? As you told in one of your video about different job roles so data engineer comes first so I got this doubt.
I'm using python version 3.8.2 and even after installing wordcloud using pip3, anaconda wouldn't recognise it in the environment. From what I've learnt online after researching I found wordcloud isn't supported for python version 3.7 and above.  What should I do?
As a last year student at a master's degree in Data Science, i can absolutely confirm that it is actually hard to keep up the momentum and specially remembering all the things you have learned so far, since there are tons of things!!
Movie : 7 Secret
Star cast : ken and papaya
Cameo : ken's Dad
Moral : got way too much knowledge from one video 💯💯🎉
Ps: sorry had to do this 😂💯
26ft? You realize if this was the 4point line Steph Curry and Dame Lillard are going to murder the league. Steph is shooting 43.7 percent from 25-29 ft. He is shooting 45.3 percent from 30-35 ft. Dame is shooting 40% from 25-29 ft and 34% from 30-35 ft. Analytically shooting 25% from 4 is equivalant to shooting 50% from 2 point range. If Steph Curry was to shoot 43.7 percent from 4 point range that is equivalent to shooting 87% from 2 point range. If Dame Lillard is shooting 40% from 4 point range that is equivalent to shooting 80% from 2 point range. In context Shaq who was one of the most dominant players ever shot a field goal percentage of 58.2%. So unless you can get wide open dunks on almost every trip down the court dealing with a potential 40% 4 point shooter is not something this league is ready for.
Hi guys, silly question... I have a masters degree in Eng, and I have been studying Data Science for a couple of months, and I have a working knowledge of Python... I wanted to move towards a DS career, but I am not sure how long should I study for before I can start to apply for DS jobs, any oppinions?
Finally, I got to know that the sleeping old man in the end of your videos is your dad. Initially, I thought it was an edit or something.  But the sleeping man finally talked 😂😂😂. And yeah YouTube recommending your old videos and I can't help myself and watch these.
At 11:58 when you wrote this code
X_sm = X = sm.add_constant(X)
model = sm.OLS(y,X_sm)
model.fit().summary()

After Writing this code i am getting this error
ValueError: Pandas data cast to numpy dtype of object. Check input data with np.asarray(data).

I have searched on StackOverflow , applied different solutions but none of them worked
What I got is that try to connect your data science skills with your day to day life and try to solve problems that you are facing. In this manner you will not only build projects but will build an impact ful project.
What advice will you give for someone with no background on Science, Engineering, Math and technology but has a business administration degree in Marketing. Should he or she go forba Masters or bootcamp or take the certificate approach?
At 11:25, How did you go from a fully coded screen to just 5 lines of code when the driver path and other things were typed in? After you said, "Let's run this", I have no idea what you did to remove all that code, and just wind up with only 5 lines of code.
Hi, 

I wanted to pull playoff data for lebron james. 

I have pasted my code below. Can you let me know what is wrong?

from nba_api.stats.library.parameters import SeasonTypeAllStar
colnames = ['SEASON_ID', 'Player_ID', 'Game_ID', 'GAME_DATE', 'MATCHUP', 'WL',
       'MIN', 'FGM', 'FGA', 'FG_PCT', 'FG3M', 'FG3A', 'FG3_PCT', 'FTM', 'FTA',
       'FT_PCT', 'OREB', 'DREB', 'REB', 'AST', 'STL', 'BLK', 'TOV', 'PF',
       'PTS', 'PLUS_MINUS', 'VIDEO_AVAILABLE']
player_data = pd.DataFrame(columns = colnames)

players = ['LeBron James']
for n in players:
    player = [player for player in players_dict if player['full_name'] == n][0]
    playerid = player['id']
    gamelog_player = playergamelog.PlayerGameLog(player_id = playerid, seasontype = SeasonTypeAllStar.playoffs)
    gamelog_player = pd.DataFrame(gamelog_player.get_data_frames()[0])
    player_data = player_data.append(gamelog_player,ignore_index=True)
    
player_data

Thanks!!
Hi Ken, 
Intermediate at Python now, I’m reading Practical Stats for DS by Peter Bruce.

I’m struggling to understand some basic concepts in stats even though I go through the resources at the end of each topic and Google. Some explanations vary greatly from one source to another. 
Do you recommend I complete the book and practice with projects ASAP, or invest more time in stats 101 etc?
Data science is big but being able to interpret and provide insights from the data is where the money is. Lots of people can pull data and code using R, python etc..but if you can't explain how to use that results for predictive forecast or explaining how it either proves or disapproves your initial hypothesis then data analytics does not add any value.
You feel even more discouraged if you are from India. Here in India as a computer engineer or computer science student the 2 mainstream ways of getting an internship or a placement is to do Development or do Competitive Programming and get a SWE job. 
If you choose Data Science and if you manage to get a job you will be paid half the amount of a SWE as a fresher. 
It leads to doubt... Am I doing the right thing?
The only question I got is do we need a traditional degree to get in that domain? I'm a finance grad. Idk if I'd be eligible for a masters program in data science so how do I do it? Cause I don't think employers recognise anything other than degrees.
Hi kenn  I tried running the code in Google colab , and have even specified the path of chrome driver in environment variable ,found the following error: 


PS: I have downloaded the latest chrome driver wrt to the chrome update,and have specified the exact path .



FileNotFoundError                         Traceback (most recent call last)
/usr/local/lib/python3.6/dist-packages/selenium/webdriver/common/service.py in start(self)
     75                                             stderr=self.log_file,
---> 76                                             stdin=PIPE)
     77         except TypeError:

5 frames
FileNotFoundError: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'C:/Users/projects/chromedriver': 'C:/Users/projects/chromedriver'

During handling of the above exception, another exception occurred:

WebDriverException                        Traceback (most recent call last)
/usr/local/lib/python3.6/dist-packages/selenium/webdriver/common/service.py in start(self)
     81                 raise WebDriverException(
     82                     "'%s' executable needs to be in PATH. %s" % (
---> 83                         os.path.basename(self.path), self.start_error_message)
     84                 )
     85             elif err.errno == errno.EACCES:

WebDriverException: Message: 'chromedriver' executable needs to be in PATH. Please see https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/home
When I was 12 years old, I wanted to learn HTML and JavaScript to build my own website that had guitars and penguins on it.

All the so-called "smart" "adults" around me said that programming was a waste of time because all the programming jobs would get outsourced to other countries anyways and that programming was too hard for people who weren't good at math (like me). Not knowing anything, I decided to listen to them.

Fast forward 4-14 years later, there are self-taught programmers who don't know much math and never went to college, who are now making high 6 figures and I missed that opportunity because I listened too much to other people when I was 12. 

Don't listen to people who aren't experts in the field you are exploring.

Data science today is what HTML and web development was in 1997. It's not that new but it is still growing fast enough and there's plenty of room for more data scientists and computer programmers.
In a nutshell, DS is hard to learn and put in practice because it requires a lot of passion to learn a lot of topics from different fields, and obviously there's is not a roadmap to learn all these skills.
Imagine that you are living as an architect in the earlies of the industrial revolution, then suddenly there's a boom for mechanical engineering with not structure at all to learn all the stuff. You'll have to learn by yourself physics, math, thermodynamics, etc. This is how DS is, is a new field and a lot of information to drive someone crazy.
I am working on record linkage of two databases - identify same record with spelling difference etc. I am now starting to exhaust my machines memory and want to start using distributed computing perhaps google colab might be the way. Initially will match manually. Next would be to apply machine learning to classify matches by training on manually matched data
If anyone getting error at 21:55 when Ken tries to convert it into int.
I tried this method and it worked for me:
df['min salary'] = pd.to_numeric(df['min salary'], errors='coerce')
df['max salary'] = pd.to_numeric(df['max salary'], errors='coerce')
df['min salary'] = df['min salary'].fillna(0).astype('int64')
df['max salary'] = df['max salary'].fillna(0).astype('int64')
After This Data Type Will be Changed From Object to int64.
You can also check  Data Types of every single Column in your DataSet using
df.info()
Or
df.dtypes
In Jupyter NoteBook
Hey ken. I know it's  a off topic for this video but I only know you an IT expert who can answer my questions. I want to learn android development . I am already a web developer. But I am not sure if I need a computer science degree to become a android developer. So can you tell me do I need a computer science degree in order to become a android developer or can become a self-taught android developer.
Yes, it is such a big downer to know statistics but to don´t be able to do a fing simple thing because absolutely nothing works and you can take 3 hours surfing from one topic to another on stackoverflow because you can´t even ch ange the color of a table. I miss Spss so much
issue: 'touch' is not recognized as an internal or external command,
operable program or batch file.
what's the alternative command for touch in windows?
update: I did 'echo .>' command
this is not resolving altough i install git bash but cant figure it out
I went to indeed and started researching the local job market, Nashville, for data scientists. Every job required a MS in data science. I immediately can to YouTube and found your video. My intent was to take Harvard's online DS certificate program due to its low cost. Base on what you said in this video I am just going to scrap the idea of becoming a data scientist. You confirmed what I found in my job research on indeed. I am a mechanical engineer and I also have a degree physics. I assumed that this would be a seamless transition. I currently make 6 figures in my current role.  I am not looking to take a hit in salary for an super entry level job as a data scientist if I can even land this role due to the requirements employers are looking for. SMH back to the drawing board.
I think part of it is the pressure for the next content piece. There are only so many ‘do data science’ posts/videos you can do before saturation. Also, you’re right about the absorption of these roles by different businesses and sectors over time, each part has lead firms then a long tail who take time to adapt to these trends.
This is much needed video. As in most of the cases beginner spend alot of time learning math rather than doing data science. This video can clarify one confusion they data science is not a math field but just need some knowledge of mathematics.
hey Ken, I am doing my version of this project in R,
I have a question, when I find that Age is not normally distributed and that most of the data set are not old companies
what should I do then regarding analyzing the age? can I still depend on Age and see how Salary changes as a company gets older ?
or this means that there is under representation of the old companies in the data set and I can't draw any conclusions from the Age variable w.r.t the no. of job postings and Salary?
I've had several recruiters reach out from the FANG companies recently. I'm stunned that they keep telling me that I need to relocate to the Bay Area even after announcing that their workers will stay at home through 2020 at the least. Where is the disconnect?
I am trying to become a data scientist (in a specific focus area) and according to this list I can call myself a data scientist working using both R and Python. But I haven't felt comfortable calling myself a scientist before understanding enough statistics to make science. Most people are afraid to spend some time to understand statistics but from an employer point of view it's a big leverage.
Greatly explained
My regrets :
- structured my studies and followed it religiously .
- always changing resources and not sticking to one.
- wished I knew before that working as intern in startup that your role doens't define what work you will working in a startup can be bug Hassel and proper guidance is something which lacks but of course you get a lot of knowledge in these experiences.
Hi everyone. I am graduating from college this year with an economics degree. I have about a year of experience working as a data analyst (MySQL, Stata, R, Python proficient). Since startup recruiting has been a bit tricky because of the virus, I want to use the next few months while I am unemployed and living at home to become more proficient in higher ML techniques.
Hey Ken, I'm very new to programming. I followed along with your Glassdoor Project (reproducing it for the UK). I attempted every section myself before looking at the approach you took for each step of the DS pipeline. But when I was stuck (As this was my first end to end DS project -  this happened a lot) I referred back to what you did. Here is a link to my repository: https://github.com/TobiAdeniyi/glassdoor_proj

Is the referencing Okay??
The results in the table are in question marks because it takes ~1 hour to run all the models.
Given that I do not work full time current, do you think it would be feasible for me to spend 6-5 hours a day (in 1.5-2hr blocks) learning various Data Science building blocks / projects. I did spend most of my time studying/sitting in lectures back in university, however, not having done that recently may feel a little overwhelming if I do decide to spend that much time on learning again. P.S. I am enrolled in Springboard Data Science Career Track.
I first learned python when I started programming and switched to R because that's the language my DS course was taught on. However, it would be hard for me to go back to python, I'm just way too used to Rstudio's interface. I don't know if there's an IDE that would let you have the same 4 panel layout on python
I am seeing your videos from past few weeks and I even made an account on Kaggle and was trying to see what that Housing Project is all about. But after seeing it, i was overwhelmed and was questioning myself whether I'll be able to learn these things. Then, I started learning python basics and seeing your posts on LinkedIn where a lot of people talked about this initiative and now here I am seeing this videos and thinking of going this way. Maybe I'll be able able to understand what to do in that project after few weeks. #day1 #66daysofdata
